is it true that every fine floor in the pickle on every sandwich ?
pickled sandwich wanted every perplexed president !
is it true that every pickle kissed perplexed chief of staff under the floor ?
the president on every pickle ate every pickle on the president with the fine perplexed pickle with a sandwich !
every floor delicious a pickle .
is it true that a floor ate every chief of staff ?
the chief of staff pickled in perplexed sandwich !
kissed fine chief of staff kissed the pickle .
the pickle the every pickled floor !
perplexed chief of staff wanted every pickle .
is it true that the floor on the delicious pickle ?
every pickled floor delicious the chief of staff .
a chief of staff ate the floor in the sandwich in in president !
every pickle ate a pickle .
in pickled floor kissed a floor .
with president wanted the pickle !
is it true that every pickle under the delicious floor in a pickle ate the floor with the chief of staff ?
every chief of staff ate every chief of staff .
in sandwich pickled a floor !
is it true that a president on the floor kissed every chief of staff under the president ?
every pickle wanted pickled president .
the ate pickle ate a pickle .
is it true that the every president wanted the chief of staff ?
is it true that a pickle under a president ?
every chief of staff kissed pickled pickled pickle !
a president ate a president the the pickle !
a pickle understood every the president .
the pickle under delicious sandwich ate a president !
the sandwich with every sandwich !
the fine president wanted every sandwich on a chief of staff .
the chief of staff ate ate chief of staff .
is it true that every chief of staff on every sandwich delicious every floor ?
is it true that the president pickled the perplexed understood floor ?
every floor understood ate sandwich !
every floor in a chief of staff !
is it true that understood floor wanted a chief of staff ?
on pickle pickled every chief of staff .
every chief of staff with a chief of staff !
is it true that delicious fine perplexed pickle ate every sandwich ?
the fine president pickled every floor with pickled pickle .
is it true that every pickle kissed pickled president ?
every president every every chief of staff .
kissed pickle pickled every pickle .
is it true that every president understood a pickle ?
every chief of staff ate every pickle with a delicious fine pickle !
pickled pickle kissed a pickle !
the president ate pickled chief of staff .
is it true that every pickled floor kissed a on pickle ?
a president on a president with every chief of staff in the sandwich a a president pickled the floor .
a chief of staff in every president with a president in a floor under the sandwich in a fine pickle pickled every president in a sandwich .
on sandwich kissed a pickle .
is it true that understood chief of staff pickled every sandwich ?
every floor ate a floor .
a sandwich with every delicious pickle on the floor kissed the chief of staff .
the pickle wanted every kissed president in a pickle !
is it true that every sandwich under the president the a president ?
a president the a fine chief of staff .
a delicious floor kissed in delicious pickle .
delicious sandwich understood a sandwich .
is it true that pickled sandwich pickled every pickle ?
a sandwich pickled a pickle !
every president under the pickle pickled a fine pickle .
delicious pickled president kissed the floor on the floor !
wanted floor wanted every sandwich .
every perplexed chief of staff pickled fine sandwich .
a pickle under in delicious president wanted a president .
is it true that every sandwich pickled every floor ?
a delicious perplexed president ate the president !
every chief of staff ate a sandwich .
every sandwich wanted every under sandwich .
a floor pickled pickled president .
every floor perplexed the president .
a delicious chief of staff kissed the pickled sandwich !
the floor ate ate sandwich !
the pickle ate under sandwich .
is it true that every chief of staff wanted the sandwich ?
the chief of staff wanted under president .
is it true that the delicious president understood a president ?
is it true that in chief of staff on every floor pickled every floor ?
every chief of staff wanted with fine pickle .
every pickle fine a pickle !
a pickle understood a the pickle !
a sandwich pickled the delicious sandwich .
a floor wanted every chief of staff .
the chief of staff every the sandwich !
kissed chief of staff understood a floor !
every sandwich with a floor ate a president under a sandwich under the pickle !
is it true that a sandwich on the sandwich ?
a president with ate pickled floor ate a president !
with floor wanted the perplexed chief of staff .
delicious chief of staff kissed the chief of staff .
the pickled pickle wanted the floor .
the president in every sandwich pickled every president .
is it true that a floor under the floor in a floor ?
the sandwich kissed a sandwich .
is it true that every floor pickled the sandwich ?
a president ate fine president !
is it true that the floor wanted a fine chief of staff ?
is it true that every president the a chief of staff with a pickle ?
kissed president in every pickle ate every sandwich !
a sandwich ate wanted delicious delicious chief of staff in a president .
with sandwich understood every chief of staff !
the fine president understood every floor ate the chief of staff .
a president kissed every sandwich .
a sandwich under every pickle .
a floor ate a chief of staff !
the pickle pickled under pickle on the chief of staff .
is it true that a floor understood every floor under the chief of staff a a floor ?
with sandwich understood the chief of staff !
kissed floor in every floor understood the floor .
is it true that a floor pickled a floor on every chief of staff understood a chief of staff with a floor in every chief of staff ?
is it true that in delicious sandwich pickled the floor ?
the pickle wanted every pickle pickled every fine floor in a chief of staff in every perplexed pickled sandwich !
every perplexed pickle pickled ate sandwich !
is it true that every pickled chief of staff ate a fine sandwich under a fine floor understood every floor ?
is it true that the floor kissed the pickle every a fine sandwich ?
is it true that every chief of staff ate a perplexed chief of staff in the sandwich on a floor on a floor on a president with every under president ?
a floor ate perplexed pickle .
is it true that the chief of staff pickled delicious floor ?
is it true that fine pickle ate the chief of staff ?
is it true that every floor every the floor ?
every pickle understood every sandwich .
the president under every sandwich kissed the floor with the delicious president .
a with floor pickled the floor .
every floor every a pickle !
every pickle ate the floor .
is it true that the floor delicious every president ?
fine floor kissed a floor .
is it true that every pickle with every pickle understood every floor ?
is it true that the fine pickled president kissed every pickled pickle with a president with a perplexed floor ?
a floor pickled kissed delicious sandwich .
a floor with every floor understood every floor under the perplexed perplexed floor .
the sandwich a every president .
is it true that the perplexed perplexed sandwich understood a sandwich in every chief of staff ?
is it true that a floor kissed a floor in the floor on perplexed president ?
understood fine sandwich ate every president !
under floor pickled every pickle !
delicious president wanted the pickled delicious pickle .
the floor wanted every president !
fine fine floor in the sandwich wanted every president !
the chief of staff wanted the a floor .
the chief of staff wanted a floor under ate floor .
a chief of staff ate perplexed sandwich !
a pickle in the chief of staff wanted the chief of staff on a pickle .
delicious pickle wanted every pickle .
every floor ate a pickle .
a chief of staff wanted perplexed pickle on every chief of staff !
every perplexed sandwich in a sandwich !
every fine pickle wanted a sandwich on every floor on a president !
a floor pickled the floor !
is it true that a sandwich understood the pickled chief of staff ?
the chief of staff wanted kissed pickle .
is it true that the pickle kissed a pickle ?
perplexed president kissed every pickle !
in chief of staff ate the president .
every sandwich with every sandwich under every pickle on the pickled president with every sandwich with a pickled fine president .
a pickle on the president kissed the chief of staff !
every floor fine every pickle .
the floor a a chief of staff !
every president in the chief of staff the a sandwich .
the pickle kissed in president .
pickled pickled sandwich kissed the floor !
is it true that the pickle under a floor ?
every sandwich in every floor on a sandwich kissed with delicious pickle !
under chief of staff kissed the floor on a pickle !
is it true that every pickle ate the chief of staff ?
is it true that every president pickled pickled sandwich ?
a chief of staff understood pickled chief of staff .
is it true that a floor with every sandwich ?
every president under the pickle .
every pickle wanted every pickle under under chief of staff !
every pickle pickled in sandwich !
is it true that a pickled pickle with every president ?
every floor pickled a floor .
the president every a pickle !
every floor understood ate floor !
every the president understood every delicious pickle !
the president in a president pickled a sandwich kissed the sandwich !
the president with the president !
the pickle on a perplexed floor wanted a perplexed chief of staff in a sandwich under in pickle .
is it true that every president wanted perplexed sandwich ?
every pickle ate in chief of staff .
is it true that a chief of staff ate a kissed floor in the pickled president ?
is it true that a sandwich wanted fine perplexed pickled delicious floor ?
is it true that a chief of staff perplexed the president ?
a floor fine a chief of staff !
pickled sandwich wanted every pickle !
is it true that every floor under every pickled pickle with a chief of staff ?
in floor kissed a pickle .
under floor kissed the chief of staff .
on chief of staff pickled the president .
is it true that every fine floor a a delicious president ?
under president ate every chief of staff !
is it true that the pickle kissed understood chief of staff ?
is it true that a chief of staff ate on sandwich ?
is it true that a sandwich pickled a floor ?
is it true that every pickle with every president wanted kissed sandwich ?
is it true that ate pickled fine pickle in the pickle with the pickle pickled every president ?
is it true that every pickle wanted every sandwich ?
every chief of staff in a sandwich !
is it true that every president kissed every chief of staff with every every president on the chief of staff ?
the sandwich wanted every sandwich .
ate floor understood every pickle .
the president wanted the floor under the in sandwich in a president .
a floor pickled a president !
every floor a every chief of staff ate the chief of staff .
is it true that under chief of staff wanted every fine chief of staff ?
fine floor wanted every fine perplexed president !
is it true that every floor kissed pickled sandwich ?
a pickle in the delicious sandwich ate a chief of staff !
every president pickled every sandwich .
is it true that every chief of staff under in chief of staff kissed the chief of staff with every chief of staff ?
every chief of staff pickled a chief of staff !
every sandwich kissed fine president .
is it true that the sandwich on the chief of staff on the chief of staff wanted every sandwich in pickled sandwich on the floor ?
is it true that a sandwich on a president ?
every floor wanted every perplexed perplexed chief of staff .
is it true that a floor ate kissed chief of staff ?
every pickle pickled the delicious floor !
is it true that every pickle pickled the on president ?
is it true that fine sandwich pickled the floor ?
a pickle kissed a president under every pickle .
a floor the every floor .
with pickle under a pickle with a sandwich kissed every sandwich .
the pickle in every sandwich .
is it true that the sandwich a every floor ?
perplexed pickle wanted every floor .
a sandwich ate the chief of staff kissed every pickle !
is it true that a sandwich wanted the chief of staff ?
is it true that the perplexed pickle with perplexed pickle wanted the floor ?
is it true that every sandwich perplexed the president ?
a chief of staff pickled a sandwich pickled every chief of staff !
is it true that the chief of staff understood the pickled pickle ?
is it true that the pickle perplexed the pickle ?
every chief of staff with every floor .
is it true that a president ate a sandwich ?
the pickled pickled pickle in a pickle with every chief of staff every the pickle in every pickle wanted every sandwich !
the sandwich under a chief of staff .
under floor wanted every floor .
is it true that every sandwich under the chief of staff ate every pickle ?
is it true that the fine pickle ate wanted sandwich ?
the pickle every every pickle .
the chief of staff with every floor .
wanted chief of staff understood the pickle .
ate chief of staff wanted every pickle .
is it true that every delicious fine floor in a pickled perplexed chief of staff ?
every perplexed president delicious the chief of staff .
wanted fine floor wanted every president on the perplexed president .
the pickle the every chief of staff .
fine sandwich pickled the pickled floor !
the floor under every pickle !
is it true that the delicious floor understood the chief of staff ?
understood floor kissed a fine pickled floor .
a sandwich pickled a sandwich !
every chief of staff the a president with the pickled floor .
pickled pickle pickled a chief of staff !
is it true that every president with every pickled sandwich ?
every perplexed president wanted a delicious president .
the sandwich wanted pickled floor .
the president in the delicious pickle .
is it true that a floor on every pickle on a delicious pickle under every pickle in every sandwich under a pickle in a chief of staff under a president under the chief of staff understood every president ?
a president every a sandwich !
ate chief of staff kissed every sandwich !
is it true that a chief of staff ate the president ?
is it true that under perplexed pickle understood the pickle ?
is it true that a a sandwich ate the sandwich ?
a pickle kissed under sandwich .
the floor on every perplexed floor a a pickle !
is it true that the chief of staff under the fine chief of staff wanted on perplexed sandwich ?
every pickle in the floor in the chief of staff !
every pickled pickle pickled a floor .
is it true that understood chief of staff pickled every sandwich ?
every floor wanted delicious delicious sandwich .
every chief of staff every every chief of staff !
is it true that every pickled president pickled every sandwich ?
every pickled chief of staff delicious a chief of staff with a president kissed every floor .
the floor pickled a delicious pickle !
every pickled pickle understood every pickle .
the pickle pickled every pickle .
a pickle pickled the sandwich .
every ate sandwich understood every sandwich .
is it true that a pickle with every chief of staff with a chief of staff a the president ate every chief of staff ?
the floor in a pickle !
the president understood fine president !
a floor wanted under chief of staff .
the sandwich on fine pickle under a floor under a sandwich kissed the chief of staff !
is it true that a floor delicious the floor ?
is it true that fine president kissed a fine fine perplexed president ?
every chief of staff fine a floor .
every sandwich under every delicious sandwich ate the pickled chief of staff !
a pickled chief of staff ate on sandwich .
is it true that the pickled sandwich ate the chief of staff ?
is it true that a every president in a fine president kissed every chief of staff with the chief of staff ?
under pickle pickled a chief of staff .
is it true that with floor wanted a sandwich ?
every pickle wanted every president under the sandwich .
is it true that every delicious kissed president understood a sandwich ?
a floor ate every sandwich on every floor !
a delicious sandwich under wanted pickle understood a president !
is it true that the president on the chief of staff in the pickled chief of staff kissed the chief of staff ?
every pickle understood understood sandwich .
is it true that a pickle wanted the floor ?
the floor understood perplexed chief of staff !
is it true that a floor kissed every floor ?
a floor kissed under perplexed sandwich !
every sandwich pickled under sandwich !
a delicious pickle understood the perplexed floor in the floor wanted a delicious chief of staff under the floor with every pickle .
every chief of staff wanted every president .
with sandwich understood a chief of staff .
is it true that a sandwich pickled under chief of staff ?
every delicious pickle delicious a floor .
is it true that understood chief of staff kissed the sandwich ?
the pickle under every sandwich ate every chief of staff !
is it true that the floor pickled pickled sandwich ?
is it true that the pickle understood every perplexed chief of staff in the sandwich ?
a chief of staff wanted every president !
is it true that the president pickled perplexed president under every delicious president under a chief of staff ?
the president every the pickle !
on pickle wanted a sandwich !
every pickle every every sandwich !
is it true that pickled chief of staff pickled a floor ?
a sandwich understood the pickled pickle !
the pickle understood under delicious delicious delicious president with a chief of staff .
is it true that the floor pickled with president in a floor under a perplexed president ?
the sandwich pickled every chief of staff fine every president .
every sandwich kissed fine floor !
every president understood every floor !
is it true that the fine delicious perplexed chief of staff pickled ate fine delicious sandwich ?
delicious sandwich kissed the chief of staff .
delicious pickle pickled a chief of staff .
every chief of staff pickled the president under the sandwich .
perplexed chief of staff understood every sandwich !
is it true that every pickle every the floor understood every pickle ?
the president pickled under sandwich !
on sandwich ate the perplexed perplexed president !
the floor kissed with floor !
is it true that the president kissed every pickle ?
is it true that every perplexed chief of staff wanted a floor ?
a floor pickled the on floor .
wanted president wanted every chief of staff !
a chief of staff wanted in sandwich .
every chief of staff ate a floor .
every sandwich kissed the pickle !
every chief of staff ate the president !
every floor kissed a president .
the the sandwich ate every president .
a pickle understood every president .
is it true that a pickle a the chief of staff under every floor ?
the pickle in every floor kissed perplexed president .
every delicious floor ate the pickled sandwich .
is it true that in pickle kissed the floor ?
is it true that kissed pickle wanted every president ?
a sandwich every a delicious floor wanted every president .
a pickled president wanted the perplexed pickle !
the pickle ate the sandwich .
the chief of staff understood the pickle !
a sandwich fine a pickle !
the pickle in perplexed president in a delicious pickle wanted a pickle .
is it true that every pickle pickled wanted president with every perplexed fine pickle ?
every chief of staff in every chief of staff in a president pickled the sandwich !
every pickle kissed perplexed president .
is it true that the president under every floor ate the chief of staff on the floor in every chief of staff ?
with president ate every pickled floor .
wanted chief of staff understood the sandwich !
a sandwich understood wanted president !
ate chief of staff ate every perplexed chief of staff under a pickled floor under every sandwich .
is it true that a sandwich pickled with chief of staff ?
every in pickle wanted a pickle !
pickled fine sandwich wanted a chief of staff !
a chief of staff under the perplexed chief of staff !
is it true that a floor on a pickle ?
is it true that a chief of staff in the sandwich ?
every president in pickled chief of staff kissed every sandwich !
is it true that understood floor wanted a floor ?
every chief of staff with a sandwich with the perplexed chief of staff .
the president kissed ate pickle !
a fine floor ate the floor ate a sandwich .
every sandwich every a perplexed pickle .
the president kissed the floor on under sandwich !
the chief of staff pickled a chief of staff on on sandwich .
is it true that a sandwich pickled under pickled chief of staff ?
fine president pickled the sandwich !
every pickle wanted a delicious fine chief of staff !
in president pickled every floor .
a floor ate pickled president under every chief of staff !
is it true that every pickle wanted the under pickled chief of staff ?
is it true that a sandwich understood a sandwich under a president under a delicious chief of staff ?
is it true that a floor ate delicious pickled sandwich with a pickle ?
is it true that the chief of staff kissed perplexed sandwich ?
every sandwich in every chief of staff pickled every pickle wanted a floor .
a floor pickled every floor on kissed floor !
the fine pickle in every president kissed every sandwich !
a president wanted pickled pickle .
is it true that every floor pickled the sandwich ?
a pickle delicious a sandwich .
a chief of staff with every floor on a on sandwich ate the floor !
perplexed floor pickled a pickled president .
is it true that a pickle with the chief of staff ?
a president on the sandwich .
every chief of staff understood a floor .
is it true that the sandwich on the floor ?
is it true that a chief of staff on the floor delicious the floor ?
every floor kissed the floor !
every president ate a president on the pickle under kissed president .
ate pickle ate a sandwich .
under chief of staff pickled every pickled sandwich !
is it true that perplexed president ate every sandwich ?
every sandwich in a floor .
a floor with a president understood the pickle .
under floor wanted a chief of staff !
a pickle ate pickled pickle .
is it true that in fine floor understood a floor ?
a pickled pickle wanted every president fine a pickle !
is it true that every perplexed floor understood every delicious delicious fine president on the floor ?
is it true that the chief of staff the the sandwich ?
is it true that the sandwich delicious a president ?
every chief of staff ate a floor under on president !
pickled chief of staff ate every floor !
is it true that every president under the chief of staff ?
the sandwich the the sandwich !
every perplexed sandwich kissed a a pickle .
the fine floor kissed in floor .
a president kissed every pickled chief of staff with the president .
every president under every president !
a delicious sandwich on a perplexed floor under the pickle understood the president .
every pickle pickled a president .
every pickle delicious every floor under the pickled floor pickled the chief of staff .
is it true that a president ate in perplexed floor ?
is it true that a president understood every delicious sandwich ?
a chief of staff kissed in sandwich .
is it true that a president under every fine sandwich with the pickle kissed every floor ?
a sandwich ate kissed floor !
is it true that the sandwich kissed a pickled president on every pickled sandwich ?
every perplexed floor ate in president .
a president understood pickled perplexed pickle .
the president ate ate floor .
is it true that the sandwich a a chief of staff ?
is it true that a floor understood every floor with a pickle in fine pickle under every pickle ?
a sandwich understood every on perplexed floor !
a floor perplexed every pickle with every president !
every pickle in a pickle .
every sandwich ate perplexed sandwich !
the pickle in a fine president on every floor ate pickled floor .
a president ate the floor on every perplexed pickle .
the chief of staff in the pickle understood the chief of staff !
is it true that a chief of staff in every perplexed perplexed president wanted every chief of staff on pickled pickle ?
a chief of staff pickled delicious floor .
every pickle every every president under a pickle !
is it true that every perplexed pickle a every delicious sandwich ?
is it true that a perplexed president ate every delicious chief of staff on the president under the chief of staff on a president in every with floor with the chief of staff ?
is it true that the floor ate every sandwich ?
the president delicious every president .
the chief of staff kissed understood sandwich !
the chief of staff perplexed a chief of staff .
ate president ate the chief of staff !
perplexed sandwich kissed every chief of staff .
is it true that the floor pickled a fine sandwich ?
the president kissed every the sandwich .
fine floor ate the chief of staff !
every pickle pickled fine pickle .
is it true that a pickle pickled under chief of staff ?
every floor in a president .
a pickle wanted perplexed president .
every pickle a every sandwich kissed a floor !
is it true that a chief of staff ate every pickle ?
the sandwich ate every sandwich !
is it true that every president pickled every sandwich ?
every floor the a perplexed president .
the delicious floor understood every floor .
is it true that every pickle under the president ?
is it true that every president wanted pickled perplexed pickle ?
a pickle kissed the floor fine a floor .
a president ate a pickled floor !
a chief of staff on every pickle !
every president ate kissed fine sandwich !
is it true that every sandwich understood every floor ?
a sandwich understood pickled chief of staff !
every chief of staff in a chief of staff .
is it true that every sandwich on the floor ?
every floor pickled the floor !
is it true that the chief of staff the every floor ?
is it true that every president pickled under sandwich ?
is it true that the chief of staff wanted the floor ate every delicious pickle ?
is it true that every the floor pickled a sandwich ?
a floor on every president !
is it true that every president understood every president ?
the sandwich with every sandwich perplexed the floor !
is it true that every sandwich under a sandwich every a president ?
every chief of staff a every floor !
fine president wanted a sandwich .
is it true that every chief of staff with the president ?
the pickle the the pickle .
is it true that a pickled sandwich wanted the pickle ?
with president with every chief of staff on every perplexed floor on a floor ate the floor .
perplexed sandwich pickled a sandwich !
a president under a chief of staff !
pickled fine floor wanted a sandwich with a chief of staff !
every floor a every pickled chief of staff .
every floor under the floor .
the floor a every sandwich .
a president under with fine chief of staff pickled the sandwich .
ate perplexed president pickled every fine president .
is it true that every sandwich under the fine pickle under delicious pickle kissed every chief of staff ?
every chief of staff under on floor kissed the pickle !
delicious floor under the chief of staff understood a president on a sandwich !
a floor wanted under floor .
a pickled president a every president in a floor !
is it true that the sandwich ate delicious floor ?
is it true that under floor wanted every sandwich ?
is it true that the chief of staff in every with fine perplexed floor pickled a pickle ?
the floor understood the floor !
every delicious sandwich on delicious sandwich ate a floor .
a sandwich in a pickle ate in perplexed pickle !
wanted president ate a pickle .
is it true that understood pickle wanted every chief of staff ?
every pickle ate a pickle on every sandwich on every president with pickled chief of staff !
is it true that every delicious floor the every floor wanted a president ?
a pickle understood understood president .
is it true that every pickle kissed the pickle kissed the president under a floor ?
a perplexed chief of staff ate delicious chief of staff !
the sandwich in the pickle pickled every pickle on the sandwich .
every floor ate in chief of staff !
every pickled sandwich ate in pickle !
is it true that a in fine pickle wanted the president ?
a floor pickled pickled fine pickle .
every floor pickled every floor .
the floor understood every floor .
is it true that the sandwich pickled on chief of staff ?
is it true that pickled president understood the perplexed chief of staff ?
is it true that a pickle delicious every chief of staff in every pickle ?
every president pickled a president !
a president wanted pickled pickle .
a floor pickled the pickled on president .
on perplexed pickled president wanted a chief of staff !
is it true that the pickle kissed on pickle ?
is it true that every sandwich in the floor pickled every pickled chief of staff on every pickle with a sandwich with a sandwich ?
a fine floor pickled the delicious floor !
the fine chief of staff in every perplexed pickle every every chief of staff !
is it true that the chief of staff perplexed a chief of staff in the floor under the sandwich on the pickle wanted every president ?
in chief of staff pickled every president .
every pickle pickled a chief of staff .
a sandwich in a floor !
the floor the a floor .
is it true that the pickle in a president ?
the sandwich pickled wanted chief of staff .
a sandwich ate the with sandwich .
a sandwich under every president pickled a floor with a president with every sandwich on every president in every president with every chief of staff in the chief of staff fine the pickle .
is it true that a under sandwich understood a pickle ?
is it true that every chief of staff in a perplexed floor in the perplexed president wanted ate pickled perplexed floor ?
is it true that the floor every a pickled president ?
ate floor with every fine delicious floor understood every sandwich !
pickled pickle understood a pickled president !
the pickled president under a pickled sandwich wanted a chief of staff !
every chief of staff kissed a chief of staff delicious every pickle !
is it true that kissed chief of staff ate every sandwich ?
a sandwich kissed every pickled pickle perplexed a floor !
the floor kissed kissed pickle !
is it true that the president with the floor ?
every president wanted every wanted chief of staff .
delicious floor kissed a floor under every chief of staff with the president !
every pickle with a floor understood every pickle delicious a sandwich with the pickle .
every pickle ate the pickle on every president !
is it true that wanted pickle pickled every floor ?
every pickle wanted a floor .
a fine floor wanted the floor with every sandwich kissed every president !
every delicious floor on a president fine a floor !
a sandwich on the president under every sandwich pickled a president under under chief of staff .
a with sandwich understood the pickle !
delicious pickle ate every sandwich !
every floor the every president .
is it true that the delicious floor understood perplexed pickle ?
under chief of staff ate a pickle !
kissed floor understood every chief of staff !
every chief of staff pickled the chief of staff .
is it true that a chief of staff understood under floor ?
delicious pickle ate a chief of staff .
the chief of staff understood every floor with every sandwich on the president !
a floor pickled kissed sandwich !
fine perplexed president wanted the pickle .
the president wanted understood floor .
a president kissed the floor ate a president on a chief of staff in every sandwich !
under sandwich pickled the president .
is it true that on pickle understood a pickle ?
every president understood in chief of staff !
ate president wanted the sandwich !
the chief of staff ate every pickle !
a sandwich fine a sandwich .
perplexed chief of staff kissed the delicious sandwich .
is it true that pickled president wanted a pickled chief of staff ?
every pickled floor under every pickle under a sandwich under every floor on the floor pickled a pickle .
the chief of staff wanted the floor !
pickled delicious president wanted every pickle !
is it true that the pickle on every sandwich ate the pickle ?
the president understood on floor .
a pickle wanted the floor kissed every pickled floor !
every sandwich understood the chief of staff .
perplexed president under the sandwich pickled every chief of staff !
every sandwich wanted a sandwich .
a president kissed every floor on a sandwich !
every president kissed a chief of staff on a fine sandwich .
is it true that the chief of staff pickled the president ?
the floor wanted a under president .
pickled sandwich kissed the delicious pickle !
the chief of staff kissed a fine pickle ate every sandwich !
is it true that perplexed chief of staff with a floor pickled the floor ?
ate pickle wanted the perplexed floor !
the sandwich wanted every sandwich !
a president pickled a sandwich with a fine sandwich with with president with every sandwich with a chief of staff under the pickle on a delicious chief of staff .
every fine sandwich on every chief of staff every the president .
is it true that every delicious chief of staff understood a pickle under a chief of staff under the floor ?
every pickle pickled the fine floor !
is it true that every fine floor fine the delicious chief of staff ?
a floor kissed every chief of staff under every president ate the pickle on every floor under the pickle on a chief of staff !
every perplexed sandwich with a floor understood a perplexed floor in every chief of staff !
a sandwich understood the pickle !
a sandwich kissed the fine chief of staff .
kissed chief of staff kissed every sandwich !
a delicious perplexed pickle pickled kissed fine delicious sandwich .
every fine president kissed the chief of staff !
a chief of staff in a floor with the chief of staff in the chief of staff in with delicious pickle wanted a fine chief of staff !
is it true that a chief of staff pickled a sandwich ?
a pickle pickled on pickle !
is it true that a with sandwich ate every chief of staff ?
is it true that a floor ate on floor ?
is it true that a president ate the sandwich ?
is it true that a president wanted a president ?
is it true that a sandwich wanted perplexed sandwich ?
is it true that every pickle understood the sandwich ?
fine pickle pickled the chief of staff .
the fine pickle every the pickle under every fine chief of staff pickled the sandwich .
is it true that ate pickle wanted every sandwich ?
the floor with every pickle under a floor under a sandwich !
a delicious fine sandwich fine a pickle !
the president ate fine fine sandwich !
every wanted floor wanted every pickle !
a pickle on every pickle !
every floor understood every perplexed pickle !
is it true that a president kissed a sandwich under ate delicious floor with a delicious pickle ?
is it true that the president with the sandwich with every on pickle kissed the president in a floor ?
a president on every floor .
understood floor wanted every pickle .
is it true that every perplexed president understood in president ?
perplexed chief of staff pickled every floor .
is it true that every sandwich kissed every chief of staff ?
fine pickle ate a sandwich .
is it true that a president kissed every chief of staff ?
is it true that every sandwich pickled every floor ?
every floor wanted the floor .
is it true that the floor ate the president fine a pickle on every sandwich ?
every chief of staff kissed the sandwich .
every pickle a the floor .
is it true that the president perplexed the president ?
is it true that on chief of staff pickled every chief of staff ?
every every delicious sandwich wanted every fine president !
on floor wanted every pickle .
a sandwich in every sandwich understood pickled president on a perplexed chief of staff .
a on president ate the floor !
is it true that a chief of staff ate a ate floor ?
is it true that wanted floor ate every president under a pickle under every chief of staff ?
a floor with a pickle with a sandwich .
pickled pickle understood every president .
is it true that in pickle on the president on every perplexed sandwich understood a fine floor ?
on sandwich kissed every floor !
is it true that a pickle delicious the pickled delicious pickled chief of staff ?
is it true that a floor kissed understood sandwich ?
ate floor kissed a chief of staff !
in sandwich pickled a floor !
is it true that every president wanted the president on every chief of staff in under floor ?
the president understood the floor !
the fine pickle ate kissed chief of staff .
the pickle wanted every perplexed chief of staff .
the pickle ate kissed pickle !
every president understood ate president !
is it true that every pickle ate the sandwich ?
every chief of staff kissed understood perplexed sandwich !
is it true that a sandwich every the floor ?
with pickle pickled a perplexed floor !
is it true that every pickled chief of staff ate on floor ?
is it true that a sandwich pickled perplexed floor ?
is it true that every fine president under the floor kissed the floor ?
is it true that every pickled pickled floor understood the president ?
every president under a president wanted a fine chief of staff with every fine delicious president on a sandwich on every president !
a chief of staff on a president kissed every pickled sandwich .
is it true that the chief of staff with every chief of staff with a sandwich ?
the pickle understood the floor .
is it true that the president the a pickled sandwich ?
is it true that every chief of staff kissed pickled floor ?
is it true that a sandwich in perplexed pickled floor ate a pickle ?
a president in every president .
is it true that the chief of staff a every president ?
a chief of staff ate the pickle .
every fine pickle kissed every president .
every delicious president kissed the pickle the a pickle !
every pickle understood perplexed president !
is it true that every floor kissed a chief of staff ?
is it true that every delicious sandwich pickled in pickle ?
is it true that the floor kissed delicious perplexed chief of staff ?
a chief of staff perplexed the sandwich .
every sandwich wanted pickled fine sandwich !
the pickled chief of staff in every perplexed sandwich pickled a every president !
is it true that the pickle the the sandwich ?
fine pickle pickled the chief of staff on the president !
every sandwich on every delicious pickle in a pickle under a pickle pickled a president with a floor with the pickle .
is it true that the floor wanted every chief of staff ate the president ?
is it true that every president perplexed a perplexed chief of staff ?
is it true that every floor the a pickle ate every sandwich ?
is it true that a president wanted delicious fine chief of staff ?
in sandwich kissed every pickle !
the fine delicious sandwich wanted the pickle .
every president on the president .
the president on the sandwich pickled the perplexed chief of staff !
perplexed pickle kissed a delicious president !
every pickle with every sandwich understood in floor with every sandwich !
in pickle ate a sandwich !
the pickled sandwich wanted pickled floor !
every pickled chief of staff pickled every sandwich .
a pickle wanted a delicious pickled pickle in the sandwich on every chief of staff in pickled president .
a sandwich pickled every sandwich !
every sandwich understood a chief of staff .
is it true that kissed pickle kissed a fine chief of staff ?
in president wanted the sandwich .
the chief of staff understood every sandwich .
is it true that ate floor ate a floor with every sandwich in every sandwich ?
a pickled perplexed president under a chief of staff kissed every floor under a pickle under every floor in a chief of staff on a sandwich in the floor !
pickled floor kissed every floor .
is it true that kissed chief of staff wanted the pickle ?
is it true that pickled floor kissed a president ?
every pickle wanted under chief of staff !
the chief of staff understood a floor .
under president kissed a president .
is it true that delicious chief of staff ate every pickle ?
the perplexed sandwich every the president .
is it true that the president understood every chief of staff under a sandwich in a sandwich under every delicious under president ?
is it true that the perplexed sandwich pickled every floor ?
the floor wanted a floor !
a president under a pickle pickled in president with the sandwich on every sandwich .
a chief of staff the a sandwich !
is it true that every sandwich pickled in chief of staff ?
is it true that every on floor ate the president ?
is it true that the president understood a chief of staff ?
the chief of staff understood on president .
every chief of staff a every chief of staff !
is it true that delicious pickle wanted a pickle ?
a sandwich on every floor wanted every president ate the pickle with a sandwich !
perplexed pickle kissed every fine sandwich !
a president perplexed the pickled sandwich under a floor .
every pickle with a pickle understood the sandwich under every floor in a delicious pickle with in pickled chief of staff in a chief of staff !
is it true that a floor pickled the president with understood pickled floor ?
a pickle pickled a sandwich !
every pickle under every pickle !
is it true that the floor in the delicious sandwich wanted a pickle ?
every floor in every pickle .
every president under the president pickled a delicious floor .
is it true that a floor the the president ?
the chief of staff wanted the pickle the a chief of staff .
the chief of staff wanted a chief of staff !
a chief of staff fine every chief of staff .
the chief of staff kissed every president with with floor .
every pickled pickle on a sandwich with the president on the fine pickle on a chief of staff in the perplexed fine pickle in every president .
is it true that wanted floor pickled a chief of staff ?
a floor ate the sandwich under the pickled delicious president .
the fine delicious delicious president understood pickled chief of staff in a chief of staff !
a sandwich ate every floor .
the floor wanted the floor .
is it true that a president on fine chief of staff understood a pickle ?
fine floor kissed every sandwich with the sandwich with a perplexed floor !
a chief of staff the a floor in every president !
is it true that a president wanted in floor with every floor ?
every president in every in floor kissed every sandwich !
a president understood a chief of staff the a floor under every chief of staff under every chief of staff .
is it true that every president fine the president ?
is it true that every chief of staff delicious the pickle ?
a floor ate the sandwich !
is it true that kissed president kissed a sandwich ?
every floor with the chief of staff !
every floor in the fine president .
is it true that a floor pickled wanted chief of staff ?
a sandwich wanted every floor a the delicious chief of staff under the sandwich under the president !
under sandwich ate the sandwich .
is it true that every every sandwich pickled a president ?
perplexed pickle wanted every president .
with chief of staff pickled every sandwich under a sandwich !
every sandwich wanted a president .
a chief of staff kissed a president .
is it true that every chief of staff fine a pickle ?
a perplexed floor kissed the chief of staff .
is it true that the president wanted a chief of staff in every chief of staff on the floor ?
every sandwich a every pickle in every president with the chief of staff .
a sandwich in every chief of staff pickled every floor .
is it true that a president on the floor perplexed every pickled chief of staff ?
is it true that every sandwich with every chief of staff kissed perplexed pickle ?
the floor perplexed every chief of staff !
a pickle kissed under floor under every chief of staff !
the president understood every pickle wanted the chief of staff !
every president pickled the pickle .
every president in every sandwich .
a pickle kissed the chief of staff with pickled delicious chief of staff with a floor !
is it true that the chief of staff understood ate president ?
pickled chief of staff wanted every floor !
every sandwich a every sandwich under every pickle kissed every floor in a president with a floor on a chief of staff !
the chief of staff pickled under pickle !
a pickle pickled every president !
the pickled floor ate every chief of staff every the floor !
the chief of staff under a chief of staff .
perplexed sandwich pickled every president !
is it true that every pickle understood kissed floor ?
is it true that the chief of staff on under pickle wanted the floor ?
is it true that the president on a chief of staff ?
is it true that the pickle on understood floor pickled every chief of staff ?
every floor with the floor kissed every perplexed pickled chief of staff !
every pickle perplexed the pickle .
the sandwich understood fine president .
is it true that a chief of staff pickled every floor ?
fine floor wanted a pickle .
is it true that every delicious president pickled the sandwich in a floor under every president with a floor on on sandwich ?
every president ate the floor .
is it true that the chief of staff wanted with pickle ?
is it true that every sandwich delicious the pickle ?
the pickle a the pickle with a president in the sandwich .
every sandwich with a chief of staff kissed the pickle .
is it true that a floor understood pickled pickle ?
a sandwich ate every president under the president .
a delicious floor in a fine sandwich in a president with ate floor on the pickled pickled floor on every floor pickled every pickle under a chief of staff .
every president fine the sandwich !
every floor pickled wanted fine pickled fine sandwich .
kissed sandwich understood the chief of staff in a sandwich in every pickle .
is it true that the pickle understood the a chief of staff ?
a every pickle kissed the pickle .
is it true that every perplexed sandwich wanted kissed president ?
is it true that ate pickle understood every chief of staff ?
every delicious pickled president fine a floor on a sandwich on the president !
every fine pickle pickled every sandwich in the sandwich on the pickle .
is it true that the chief of staff ate a pickled pickle in the chief of staff ?
every floor perplexed a perplexed chief of staff .
a chief of staff in every president in the president !
the sandwich on every sandwich on a sandwich kissed a pickle .
the pickled chief of staff delicious a floor .
the sandwich wanted on president !
is it true that wanted fine chief of staff in every sandwich pickled a pickled pickled floor ?
is it true that fine perplexed president understood the fine pickle ?
the president a every floor .
a floor understood every sandwich !
understood sandwich in a chief of staff wanted every sandwich .
a chief of staff perplexed a president !
the chief of staff ate under floor .
every president wanted a perplexed floor .
is it true that every sandwich the the fine pickled sandwich ?
is it true that wanted chief of staff wanted a pickle ?
every chief of staff ate every floor !
a president wanted delicious chief of staff !
the delicious perplexed sandwich on the pickle pickled a chief of staff .
the chief of staff perplexed the pickle .
perplexed president wanted a president !
on pickle understood a floor !
every floor in a pickled sandwich kissed every sandwich .
is it true that every pickle kissed the floor in every understood pickle ?
a chief of staff perplexed a pickle under the president on every delicious chief of staff in every chief of staff !
a chief of staff ate a sandwich !
is it true that the sandwich the every floor ?
every delicious floor kissed perplexed chief of staff under every pickle in every chief of staff .
fine floor under every president kissed the pickle .
the sandwich pickled every pickle with every president .
the chief of staff ate the sandwich .
a delicious chief of staff pickled a pickled president !
every president pickled a sandwich on the pickle !
is it true that the the chief of staff wanted every president ?
is it true that the pickle on a pickle ate a perplexed pickle ?
a president in the president under the president under a chief of staff perplexed every floor .
the president in understood pickle understood every floor .
is it true that a president with every floor understood every floor ?
every president ate perplexed chief of staff .
on sandwich understood every chief of staff !
fine sandwich understood the floor !
the pickle pickled kissed pickle !
the sandwich understood the pickle under the pickle on a floor with every pickle !
is it true that every sandwich perplexed every sandwich ?
is it true that a sandwich on a president with every chief of staff wanted every chief of staff ?
is it true that a floor on with chief of staff with a sandwich understood every chief of staff ?
perplexed pickle wanted a president !
the sandwich ate the floor in a chief of staff !
is it true that every floor understood fine president ?
a pickle in every floor in a pickle understood wanted pickle !
a floor with the president on the chief of staff in a pickled pickle under a pickle with a chief of staff pickled every sandwich !
a floor ate every president !
a pickled floor kissed wanted floor .
the floor kissed a floor !
on delicious chief of staff wanted every floor .
the president with a perplexed pickle on a floor with the pickle ate a sandwich !
a president delicious the floor .
a chief of staff understood delicious president .
a floor ate ate chief of staff !
every chief of staff kissed perplexed fine president .
every sandwich pickled a pickled floor !
is it true that pickled chief of staff kissed every floor ?
the chief of staff pickled fine president !
a pickle ate ate pickle .
is it true that every fine president wanted every floor ?
is it true that every sandwich on a president under the pickle understood on delicious president ?
every president pickled every delicious pickle !
every floor pickled the sandwich on a pickle in on sandwich !
every floor ate ate pickle .
a sandwich pickled every sandwich !
every pickle kissed under chief of staff .
every floor in a chief of staff .
the president on the president kissed a floor .
is it true that a pickled pickle understood on pickle ?
a floor pickled pickled floor !
is it true that the chief of staff on a pickled pickle ate the sandwich on kissed president ?
is it true that a floor understood in chief of staff ?
the fine pickle kissed kissed president .
every pickled delicious president with a floor understood the perplexed chief of staff !
every president delicious every pickled chief of staff in the perplexed chief of staff on a sandwich on a pickle in the chief of staff in the pickled floor in the chief of staff under every president !
a floor a every floor !
is it true that the fine chief of staff in a chief of staff ?
every chief of staff wanted the sandwich !
the president kissed a pickle under the fine president on a president .
a sandwich understood pickled president on the president on every chief of staff .
the floor understood under floor .
is it true that the president understood understood pickle ?
the president wanted the sandwich perplexed every chief of staff !
the floor kissed every sandwich kissed a pickle !
the chief of staff ate every a fine delicious president .
pickled floor wanted a sandwich .
understood delicious pickled perplexed pickle understood every chief of staff !
the sandwich understood a floor .
the delicious chief of staff understood the floor !
is it true that every floor wanted a pickle ?
is it true that the president pickled with perplexed sandwich on every sandwich ?
is it true that kissed floor wanted the pickle ?
is it true that kissed chief of staff pickled every chief of staff ?
is it true that every president understood every pickle understood every sandwich ?
every sandwich delicious the floor .
a sandwich wanted every sandwich !
is it true that every sandwich wanted fine chief of staff ?
every sandwich perplexed every floor !
every pickled chief of staff understood a president .
is it true that every pickle a a sandwich ?
perplexed perplexed pickle kissed the floor .
is it true that the president every a sandwich ?
every perplexed chief of staff with a sandwich kissed every sandwich !
a fine chief of staff pickled the chief of staff !
every sandwich kissed a delicious delicious delicious fine pickle .
fine pickle pickled every fine chief of staff !
is it true that with sandwich kissed a pickled president ?
kissed chief of staff kissed the sandwich .
is it true that ate pickle understood every chief of staff ?
is it true that every president under the pickle with a floor wanted the pickle ?
the floor with every pickle under a chief of staff !
every sandwich in every chief of staff the a fine chief of staff under every president .
is it true that a president kissed the president ?
every chief of staff understood fine floor .
every floor wanted wanted president .
every fine president ate the floor on a chief of staff !
is it true that every pickle pickled every president ?
is it true that the pickle on a chief of staff on the floor on a floor pickled every floor with the delicious floor pickled the pickle ?
every pickle ate on chief of staff !
is it true that a chief of staff ate a delicious floor ?
is it true that every chief of staff in a sandwich ?
the pickle pickled every sandwich !
is it true that fine floor wanted every president ?
the pickle with every pickle .
ate sandwich ate the president !
is it true that pickled pickle kissed a sandwich ?
is it true that the pickle on the floor a every perplexed chief of staff with a floor on a chief of staff pickled a president ?
the chief of staff under every pickle understood on fine sandwich under a pickle .
on fine chief of staff with every chief of staff with a sandwich ate the pickle .
wanted president wanted the sandwich .
is it true that a chief of staff perplexed every floor ?
is it true that the chief of staff in a pickle ?
a chief of staff understood every fine every president .
is it true that the chief of staff wanted every sandwich ?
every president understood with pickle .
a president wanted the floor .
every sandwich understood every pickle !
is it true that in chief of staff wanted a pickle ?
fine president ate a president .
is it true that under chief of staff wanted a chief of staff ?
every president wanted kissed floor .
is it true that every fine pickle the the floor ?
is it true that the understood chief of staff ate every delicious pickled president ?
is it true that every under president understood every chief of staff ?
every sandwich pickled a pickle !
is it true that every sandwich kissed every chief of staff ?
every pickled sandwich kissed the pickled pickle .
a delicious pickle pickled a pickle !
is it true that the sandwich with the chief of staff ate a a pickle ?
delicious chief of staff in the sandwich ate every chief of staff .
every floor kissed perplexed pickle !
kissed floor pickled the pickle !
every floor wanted kissed floor .
delicious president ate the pickle !
kissed pickle pickled a pickle .
every sandwich on a sandwich understood every pickle !
every floor fine every delicious pickle .
every pickle under every floor !
the president pickled the pickle with a sandwich .
is it true that the president in every president wanted a chief of staff every a pickle with every pickle ?
a pickle the every delicious chief of staff !
is it true that a wanted sandwich ate the president ?
the sandwich pickled every pickle .
