a president wanted the president ! 
every pickle kissed every floor . 
the pickle ate a floor ! 
is it true that the floor in the chief of staff under the pickle on a fine chief of staff in every floor on a pickle in every president under every president in a president understood every sandwich ? 
is it true that every fine president ate a president ? 
every floor wanted every floor . 
is it true that a president ate the sandwich ? 
is it true that a floor pickled a floor under a chief of staff in every pickle in the president ? 
is it true that a president wanted the president in every sandwich ? 
every floor understood every floor . 
the president ate the president ! 
the president kissed every perplexed president on the pickle ! 
a delicious president ate the chief of staff . 
a pickle understood the sandwich ! 
is it true that a floor on a chief of staff understood a sandwich ? 
the pickled pickle on the chief of staff ate the pickle . 
every chief of staff understood a chief of staff . 
the sandwich pickled a president . 
is it true that every delicious pickled pickle ate every floor ? 
is it true that the president understood every floor ? 
is it true that every president understood the president ? 
the pickle pickled the floor ! 
a president ate every sandwich ! 
is it true that a pickle pickled a perplexed pickled perplexed fine sandwich ? 
is it true that the president understood a president ? 
the sandwich understood every sandwich ! 
the fine delicious sandwich kissed the president ! 
every pickled chief of staff kissed a president ! 
is it true that every perplexed floor understood a president ? 
is it true that a floor kissed the pickle ? 
is it true that every floor on the floor wanted the pickled president ? 
a floor in the chief of staff ate a perplexed sandwich ! 
a floor kissed a perplexed pickle ! 
is it true that a floor wanted every sandwich ? 
the sandwich wanted the sandwich . 
is it true that every pickle wanted the president ? 
a president pickled every sandwich ! 
a sandwich kissed a pickle ! 
is it true that every pickle pickled every floor ? 
a floor ate the floor ! 
is it true that the sandwich understood every sandwich ? 
is it true that every sandwich understood the president ? 
the president pickled the pickle ! 
every fine sandwich kissed a pickle . 
is it true that the chief of staff ate a pickle ? 
every floor understood the floor on every sandwich in every floor ! 
the chief of staff ate the pickle . 
is it true that every chief of staff kissed a sandwich ? 
every pickle pickled every floor ! 
the floor pickled every perplexed delicious sandwich . 
is it true that every chief of staff pickled a chief of staff ? 
every chief of staff wanted every delicious chief of staff ! 
is it true that every president wanted the perplexed pickle ? 
is it true that a sandwich pickled a chief of staff ? 
the pickle understood every chief of staff ! 
the president kissed a sandwich ! 
is it true that the floor with the pickle pickled every chief of staff ? 
is it true that a floor ate the chief of staff ? 
a floor with a sandwich with a president understood a president ! 
is it true that a fine sandwich understood the chief of staff ? 
every floor wanted a chief of staff . 
a pickled chief of staff pickled the pickle . 
a president pickled a president . 
every fine president kissed every pickle . 
every chief of staff ate the floor ! 
every chief of staff wanted a floor on a delicious president on a pickle in every president with the sandwich with a president . 
is it true that every fine sandwich under every president ate the sandwich ? 
a president understood a president ! 
a pickle kissed a delicious pickle . 
every floor ate every pickled sandwich . 
every pickle pickled the sandwich with a floor under every chief of staff ! 
the pickle on a floor ate every perplexed pickle ! 
a pickle in a floor ate the sandwich under the perplexed sandwich with a chief of staff in a pickle ! 
is it true that the president pickled a president ? 
is it true that a sandwich kissed every pickle ? 
a pickle understood every president on the sandwich on the president ! 
the president pickled a floor on every chief of staff ! 
the floor understood every pickle . 
the president under the sandwich ate the chief of staff . 
a fine president under the chief of staff with the president ate every perplexed floor . 
every floor kissed a sandwich . 
every chief of staff ate a delicious sandwich ! 
is it true that every delicious chief of staff understood every delicious president ? 
the floor with a pickle on a fine sandwich pickled a pickle . 
is it true that a perplexed pickle wanted the floor ? 
is it true that the pickle on every sandwich wanted every perplexed sandwich ? 
every perplexed chief of staff under the president kissed a chief of staff ! 
a floor understood the pickle . 
the delicious pickle wanted every sandwich in a president ! 
the floor wanted every president in a pickle in the pickled delicious delicious floor ! 
every floor kissed the president ! 
a chief of staff on the delicious president pickled a sandwich ! 
the chief of staff pickled the perplexed floor ! 
a pickle understood the president . 
is it true that a pickle ate a sandwich ? 
is it true that every sandwich on a delicious floor pickled a chief of staff ? 
a floor on every president ate the chief of staff ! 
the sandwich wanted the pickle with a pickle ! 
every chief of staff with a pickled president understood a sandwich ! 
the president on a floor understood every chief of staff ! 
is it true that the floor understood every floor ? 
every floor under every pickle with a president with every perplexed sandwich wanted a delicious chief of staff . 
the president under every sandwich under every floor wanted a chief of staff . 
the pickled sandwich understood a sandwich ! 
the pickle pickled a pickle with every pickle . 
is it true that the president ate a pickle ? 
the floor ate a floor on the sandwich . 
is it true that the floor pickled a delicious fine chief of staff ? 
the pickle ate the president . 
every pickle ate every delicious president ! 
a pickle in every sandwich kissed every sandwich . 
a sandwich pickled every floor . 
every floor wanted the sandwich . 
every president kissed the floor under every president under every sandwich with every sandwich . 
is it true that every sandwich wanted every pickle ? 
the sandwich understood every sandwich ! 
is it true that every floor wanted every president ? 
every floor understood every delicious pickle in every chief of staff with the floor ! 
every floor under a sandwich kissed a pickle with the chief of staff . 
every fine delicious pickle understood the pickle ! 
every floor ate every chief of staff . 
a chief of staff with the floor ate the floor in the floor . 
is it true that every chief of staff wanted a pickle ? 
every president kissed the pickle ! 
the pickle wanted every delicious pickle on a sandwich on the floor ! 
is it true that the pickle wanted the pickle ? 
a chief of staff understood a sandwich ! 
the floor ate every delicious pickled president ! 
the chief of staff wanted a floor . 
every sandwich ate every pickled sandwich . 
a chief of staff wanted every pickle in a floor . 
is it true that every floor understood every fine president ? 
the president on the fine chief of staff in every pickle with a president understood every sandwich . 
is it true that every president pickled the perplexed pickle ? 
is it true that the chief of staff on a president pickled the president ? 
every pickle understood the floor ! 
the delicious chief of staff wanted a floor ! 
is it true that the president ate a sandwich under a pickle ? 
a delicious sandwich wanted a delicious chief of staff ! 
a president with a chief of staff pickled every pickled delicious floor ! 
the president under a floor understood a sandwich . 
the pickled chief of staff ate a floor under the pickle . 
is it true that every delicious president wanted the pickle ? 
is it true that a sandwich under every president kissed every floor ? 
the sandwich pickled the president . 
is it true that a perplexed pickle wanted a chief of staff ? 
is it true that the pickled floor with every sandwich ate every chief of staff ? 
a sandwich understood the chief of staff in the floor . 
is it true that every chief of staff understood a sandwich ? 
is it true that a president understood every chief of staff ? 
the pickle kissed every pickle . 
a floor ate a chief of staff ! 
every floor kissed every chief of staff under every president under a chief of staff with the floor ! 
a president understood every pickle . 
every chief of staff understood the perplexed sandwich on every chief of staff ! 
is it true that the pickle kissed the chief of staff ? 
is it true that every president understood a chief of staff ? 
a floor pickled every president under a floor . 
a pickle understood a pickle under every chief of staff under a pickled chief of staff in a president . 
a delicious president wanted the president . 
a pickled president kissed every floor on a pickle ! 
a delicious floor understood the sandwich . 
is it true that the sandwich in every sandwich kissed a president ? 
the sandwich on the pickle understood a sandwich . 
every chief of staff pickled every president . 
the sandwich kissed a pickle ! 
is it true that every floor ate a fine pickle on a pickled chief of staff on every sandwich ? 
is it true that every perplexed sandwich ate a fine floor with the sandwich ? 
every pickle with the delicious chief of staff kissed a chief of staff . 
a sandwich with every chief of staff kissed every pickle . 
a floor ate every delicious sandwich . 
a chief of staff kissed the pickle ! 
the pickle understood a president ! 
is it true that a floor pickled the chief of staff ? 
is it true that a floor with the sandwich pickled a sandwich ? 
the floor wanted every pickled sandwich . 
is it true that every pickled fine floor understood the chief of staff ? 
is it true that the floor ate the pickle ? 
the pickle in a chief of staff wanted a pickle . 
a chief of staff pickled every perplexed pickled president . 
is it true that the president wanted every sandwich ? 
is it true that every sandwich pickled a sandwich ? 
a chief of staff understood a floor . 
is it true that a president wanted a chief of staff ? 
is it true that the president kissed the pickle ? 
the pickle pickled the floor ! 
is it true that a delicious delicious chief of staff kissed every chief of staff under the floor ? 
a floor pickled the floor ! 
a floor pickled a floor ! 
the floor ate the sandwich . 
every sandwich ate a president . 
is it true that a sandwich ate a pickle ? 
every chief of staff understood a floor . 
every floor kissed a sandwich . 
is it true that a sandwich on the pickle understood a chief of staff under every perplexed sandwich ? 
every fine perplexed pickled pickle wanted the pickle ! 
is it true that a fine pickle understood every chief of staff ? 
a floor wanted a floor with a fine president ! 
is it true that a floor under a perplexed sandwich on the perplexed chief of staff understood every floor ? 
a chief of staff pickled the sandwich ! 
a pickle pickled the chief of staff ! 
a sandwich under every sandwich with the fine fine floor kissed a floor ! 
every sandwich understood the floor ! 
a sandwich with a sandwich kissed a president . 
a sandwich pickled every sandwich . 
every floor wanted the sandwich in every sandwich with every sandwich ! 
the president understood every chief of staff on the sandwich . 
a sandwich with every pickle in every perplexed president on every pickle wanted the president . 
a floor kissed the president . 
a sandwich ate the chief of staff ! 
a floor with a sandwich kissed every president . 
is it true that the delicious pickle with every president in every chief of staff in a delicious pickle understood every fine pickle ? 
the president in every delicious pickled sandwich on the president under every sandwich in a sandwich wanted every chief of staff . 
every chief of staff understood the president on every president on every sandwich ! 
is it true that a fine chief of staff ate the chief of staff ? 
is it true that a delicious chief of staff pickled every perplexed pickle ? 
is it true that the president wanted every chief of staff ? 
every sandwich kissed the floor . 
a sandwich understood a chief of staff under the delicious delicious sandwich . 
the floor with the pickle under a delicious chief of staff kissed the sandwich . 
is it true that every delicious floor ate every pickle ? 
is it true that every floor kissed every chief of staff ? 
the chief of staff kissed every president . 
the president kissed a floor ! 
a sandwich on a floor in every chief of staff pickled a pickle on every president under every chief of staff ! 
the floor in every sandwich understood a chief of staff with a president ! 
a delicious president understood a pickle ! 
the sandwich ate a floor in every floor ! 
is it true that the president in a president ate every floor ? 
every president understood the pickle on a pickle with the fine fine president on a floor . 
every president wanted a sandwich in every chief of staff . 
is it true that the president understood the president ? 
the pickle understood every chief of staff . 
a delicious delicious president wanted every chief of staff ! 
is it true that a chief of staff kissed a sandwich ? 
a floor wanted every pickle . 
the pickle pickled a sandwich ! 
the delicious president wanted the sandwich ! 
every perplexed pickle ate every pickle ! 
a president ate a sandwich . 
every sandwich wanted every pickle ! 
a president in every delicious floor kissed a chief of staff . 
the pickle understood the pickle ! 
the perplexed perplexed perplexed floor under the president wanted every sandwich ! 
is it true that the pickle in every chief of staff pickled every perplexed floor ? 
is it true that every sandwich kissed the pickle ? 
a chief of staff with the perplexed floor with every chief of staff wanted a delicious floor . 
the floor ate every chief of staff ! 
every sandwich pickled a chief of staff . 
the chief of staff understood every chief of staff . 
a sandwich wanted every chief of staff . 
a pickled chief of staff ate a pickle ! 
the pickle understood a chief of staff . 
is it true that every sandwich understood the chief of staff ? 
every pickle with every sandwich wanted the sandwich ! 
every floor wanted a president . 
every chief of staff kissed every sandwich . 
every chief of staff understood the pickled sandwich ! 
is it true that a chief of staff under every floor ate a sandwich under the president ? 
a floor understood a sandwich with every floor ! 
the pickle understood the pickle . 
is it true that every perplexed sandwich pickled the delicious president ? 
is it true that every chief of staff understood every pickle ? 
a chief of staff pickled a chief of staff with every floor under every chief of staff . 
is it true that a sandwich ate a president ? 
every floor pickled the sandwich . 
the floor on a floor understood a chief of staff ! 
a fine pickle kissed every pickle . 
every floor ate a floor ! 
is it true that every president kissed a president ? 
the president ate a president in a chief of staff . 
a pickle on the fine pickle pickled a president ! 
every floor wanted the pickle . 
is it true that every pickled pickled perplexed chief of staff wanted every president ? 
the chief of staff understood every chief of staff . 
is it true that the president pickled a floor ? 
is it true that every floor in every chief of staff ate a chief of staff ? 
a floor pickled the chief of staff . 
every chief of staff wanted a chief of staff . 
the floor pickled every floor ! 
every floor ate a floor . 
a pickled chief of staff kissed the pickle . 
the pickle kissed every fine president . 
is it true that every pickle understood every pickle under a president ? 
every sandwich understood a sandwich . 
every sandwich under a delicious pickled delicious perplexed sandwich pickled the president . 
every president wanted every president ! 
every pickled chief of staff kissed every sandwich ! 
the sandwich wanted a chief of staff ! 
is it true that a delicious chief of staff understood every pickle ? 
is it true that a chief of staff in the chief of staff ate the fine president ? 
every sandwich ate the pickle in a fine floor ! 
every president in every sandwich pickled a chief of staff ! 
every sandwich ate a pickle ! 
a floor on the floor wanted a pickle . 
every chief of staff wanted the chief of staff ! 
is it true that a chief of staff understood a sandwich ? 
every president with every floor wanted the pickle ! 
every floor pickled every sandwich ! 
is it true that a president with every sandwich wanted a floor ? 
is it true that a sandwich under the delicious sandwich kissed a chief of staff ? 
every floor ate the pickle . 
the pickle kissed the chief of staff ! 
the president understood the president . 
a president pickled the floor . 
is it true that the pickle ate the floor ? 
the chief of staff understood every president . 
is it true that a president pickled a pickle ? 
is it true that the sandwich under a president wanted the sandwich ? 
a sandwich kissed the chief of staff ! 
every president pickled every floor . 
the sandwich pickled the sandwich . 
every floor ate a floor . 
a chief of staff pickled a sandwich in every sandwich in every president . 
a president kissed the pickle . 
every perplexed sandwich wanted the pickle ! 
a floor wanted a chief of staff . 
is it true that a chief of staff wanted the pickle ? 
is it true that every pickle understood a fine pickle ? 
every chief of staff understood the chief of staff ! 
a president wanted a chief of staff . 
is it true that a delicious sandwich understood a pickle ? 
is it true that a perplexed pickled chief of staff ate the floor with every pickled pickle under every sandwich ? 
is it true that a floor understood every pickle ? 
is it true that the president pickled the pickle ? 
a chief of staff pickled the perplexed chief of staff . 
a president under the pickle wanted a president . 
is it true that every sandwich ate the perplexed chief of staff ? 
is it true that a fine chief of staff with the chief of staff ate a floor ? 
is it true that the pickle kissed a floor ? 
every chief of staff wanted the delicious floor ! 
is it true that every president wanted the pickled sandwich ? 
a chief of staff pickled every delicious pickle . 
is it true that a fine president understood a floor ? 
is it true that the pickle wanted the chief of staff ? 
the pickle kissed the floor . 
is it true that the sandwich kissed the president ? 
every president with a sandwich in a sandwich kissed a president ! 
every president kissed a perplexed sandwich with a fine pickled floor ! 
is it true that the sandwich understood the fine president ? 
every sandwich kissed every pickle ! 
a floor wanted every chief of staff on every pickle . 
the chief of staff ate the floor ! 
is it true that a pickle pickled a sandwich in a pickle ? 
a perplexed perplexed sandwich wanted a delicious floor . 
every president pickled a perplexed floor . 
a pickle on the delicious floor understood every chief of staff . 
the floor wanted a chief of staff ! 
is it true that a pickle ate every president ? 
a pickle ate a president . 
the sandwich kissed a pickle ! 
every pickle pickled a sandwich . 
every floor ate every floor on every pickled sandwich . 
is it true that the president pickled every chief of staff ? 
the floor wanted every sandwich . 
a president wanted every chief of staff ! 
the sandwich ate the president ! 
every president ate the floor . 
a president wanted the sandwich . 
a sandwich wanted a sandwich . 
a floor wanted a president in every chief of staff on a pickle ! 
every floor ate a sandwich . 
the chief of staff wanted the chief of staff ! 
is it true that every pickle wanted a pickle ? 
every pickle in a pickled president understood every pickled floor . 
is it true that a floor under the sandwich kissed a president ? 
every delicious pickled floor wanted the floor . 
is it true that a sandwich wanted the pickle ? 
a pickle kissed every floor ! 
is it true that a president wanted every chief of staff ? 
is it true that the sandwich wanted every delicious chief of staff ? 
is it true that every president with the chief of staff pickled a floor ? 
a floor pickled every floor ! 
every pickled sandwich pickled a chief of staff ! 
every floor ate every floor . 
every president pickled the sandwich ! 
a chief of staff ate the president ! 
every pickle pickled every chief of staff ! 
the chief of staff kissed the floor with every floor with a chief of staff . 
the chief of staff ate a perplexed president ! 
every chief of staff in every floor on a sandwich understood the sandwich with every pickle on the fine president . 
every president ate the floor under every perplexed sandwich ! 
a chief of staff understood every perplexed president . 
every sandwich in the chief of staff with a pickle in the chief of staff understood a floor with a chief of staff ! 
the perplexed pickled pickle ate a sandwich . 
every floor ate every sandwich ! 
every pickle understood the pickle . 
is it true that every sandwich understood every chief of staff ? 
is it true that the pickle on the perplexed sandwich with the sandwich pickled the floor ? 
every pickle ate every chief of staff . 
the president understood a pickle with the delicious sandwich ! 
every chief of staff wanted a chief of staff . 
a floor on every floor wanted the fine chief of staff with the pickle ! 
a pickle with the floor understood the floor ! 
is it true that every sandwich kissed every pickle in the perplexed floor in every sandwich ? 
the floor understood every pickle under the sandwich . 
the sandwich ate a sandwich . 
is it true that the floor in a president ate the pickle ? 
is it true that every floor kissed the sandwich ? 
the chief of staff understood every sandwich ! 
every floor kissed the president . 
a pickle pickled the president ! 
is it true that a floor with a pickled delicious floor ate a pickle ? 
every president on the pickle understood the sandwich ! 
every president ate a chief of staff ! 
every president ate every floor . 
the president pickled the pickle . 
the chief of staff understood a pickle ! 
is it true that a floor ate a chief of staff ? 
a pickle pickled the pickle . 
every pickled pickled pickle wanted a pickle . 
is it true that the floor pickled the chief of staff ? 
is it true that the pickle wanted every pickle ? 
is it true that the perplexed sandwich ate every chief of staff ? 
is it true that a pickle kissed the floor ? 
the sandwich ate every president ! 
the floor pickled a president . 
a sandwich understood every delicious president . 
every floor ate every sandwich under every floor . 
every chief of staff wanted the chief of staff . 
a pickle pickled every pickle . 
every fine sandwich pickled every president . 
is it true that the sandwich pickled a president under the fine sandwich ? 
is it true that a chief of staff wanted every sandwich ? 
the pickle kissed every president . 
every perplexed chief of staff understood the pickled perplexed sandwich . 
every pickle ate the president ! 
is it true that every delicious floor ate a president ? 
is it true that a president ate a fine fine floor ? 
every chief of staff wanted every president . 
is it true that the fine sandwich kissed a president ? 
the sandwich under every delicious sandwich wanted a floor . 
every floor understood a chief of staff on the president on every fine floor ! 
every pickle kissed the delicious chief of staff ! 
is it true that the president kissed every sandwich ? 
is it true that the chief of staff pickled a chief of staff ? 
the sandwich understood every pickle . 
every floor wanted every chief of staff . 
a chief of staff pickled a chief of staff ! 
is it true that a pickle kissed a pickle ? 
is it true that the chief of staff wanted the pickle ? 
every chief of staff pickled a sandwich . 
the sandwich kissed a pickle . 
the president ate the floor . 
the president kissed a president . 
is it true that a sandwich understood a president ? 
is it true that every chief of staff understood every pickle under every floor ? 
a fine chief of staff wanted a president on a chief of staff ! 
the pickle ate every chief of staff . 
a sandwich understood a perplexed chief of staff . 
the president pickled a president ! 
is it true that every floor understood every floor ? 
is it true that the chief of staff kissed a perplexed president ? 
is it true that a floor pickled a president ? 
every sandwich wanted a sandwich ! 
the pickle in every floor on every chief of staff kissed a pickle . 
every floor pickled a pickle . 
every pickle pickled the floor . 
a pickle ate the perplexed sandwich ! 
the chief of staff pickled a floor with a sandwich . 
the fine chief of staff wanted the floor ! 
every chief of staff pickled the delicious floor under a pickle . 
a delicious fine sandwich under every fine chief of staff with the sandwich on the floor kissed the pickled sandwich ! 
a president wanted every fine pickle in a sandwich . 
every pickle ate every sandwich . 
the pickled pickle on every pickle wanted the sandwich ! 
is it true that a pickle kissed a pickled pickle ? 
is it true that a chief of staff kissed the floor ? 
every sandwich kissed every perplexed pickle with a chief of staff on a president . 
the president on a floor under a fine chief of staff understood every chief of staff . 
a floor kissed the sandwich . 
is it true that the pickle kissed the pickled perplexed president ? 
is it true that every floor wanted a chief of staff ? 
a president understood a president ! 
is it true that every sandwich on a sandwich ate the president ? 
the floor pickled every president ! 
is it true that every floor kissed every pickled chief of staff ? 
the president understood every sandwich . 
is it true that a sandwich in every sandwich on a pickle wanted every fine chief of staff ? 
a sandwich wanted a president . 
is it true that every pickled floor pickled the sandwich ? 
the perplexed chief of staff kissed every president under the chief of staff . 
is it true that a floor ate the president ? 
every pickle on the chief of staff under every chief of staff under every president under a president on a president on every pickle kissed every pickle ! 
the floor wanted every president on every sandwich ! 
a floor understood a pickle . 
a president kissed every president in the fine chief of staff ! 
is it true that a floor wanted a sandwich ? 
a fine sandwich ate every chief of staff ! 
is it true that the floor pickled the president ? 
is it true that a sandwich under a sandwich under the fine chief of staff with the floor ate a chief of staff ? 
is it true that the pickle understood a floor ? 
the president with every fine sandwich kissed a pickle ! 
is it true that the president pickled the president ? 
a pickled president pickled the president . 
every president pickled a sandwich ! 
a chief of staff pickled a floor . 
every president pickled the president ! 
every fine chief of staff wanted a perplexed sandwich . 
is it true that the president understood a fine president ? 
is it true that a floor kissed a pickle ? 
the chief of staff ate every fine chief of staff . 
every president wanted every pickled president ! 
every president kissed a chief of staff ! 
the chief of staff ate a pickle ! 
the floor understood every president ! 
is it true that every sandwich kissed a sandwich under every pickle on every floor ? 
is it true that the chief of staff ate the chief of staff ? 
is it true that the delicious president wanted the pickled floor ? 
the perplexed floor kissed every chief of staff . 
the chief of staff ate a pickle with the chief of staff with every floor . 
is it true that the floor in every sandwich ate the sandwich ? 
every chief of staff understood a chief of staff . 
a floor with the chief of staff understood a president . 
is it true that a sandwich ate the president ? 
a president wanted the sandwich . 
every sandwich ate the sandwich ! 
a pickle kissed every delicious floor ! 
the sandwich wanted the chief of staff . 
is it true that a pickle kissed a pickled president ? 
the sandwich kissed every pickle ! 
is it true that every pickle wanted the chief of staff ? 
every pickle pickled a floor with the perplexed pickle . 
is it true that a pickled floor under every sandwich on every delicious chief of staff under the president in a sandwich with a sandwich understood a fine floor under a floor ? 
every perplexed pickle wanted a floor under every sandwich ! 
a president pickled a chief of staff ! 
is it true that a sandwich pickled a sandwich on a floor in a president ? 
every sandwich wanted a president . 
is it true that every floor kissed a perplexed chief of staff in a pickle with the president under every pickle ? 
a president understood the president . 
a pickle in the sandwich ate the chief of staff ! 
the floor pickled the perplexed chief of staff ! 
the sandwich pickled every president . 
every president wanted the floor . 
a floor understood every floor . 
the pickle ate a president . 
the floor wanted the pickled president . 
is it true that the floor wanted a floor under a perplexed pickled president in a president ? 
every fine pickle under a pickle understood every pickle under the delicious perplexed floor . 
the perplexed perplexed president under the floor pickled a floor on the floor under the delicious sandwich ! 
a floor pickled a president . 
is it true that the floor ate every floor ? 
the chief of staff on the sandwich kissed the pickle ! 
is it true that every floor kissed every pickle ? 
the president ate the pickle under the sandwich . 
every floor under a president with every chief of staff understood a president . 
every floor kissed a chief of staff . 
is it true that the sandwich wanted every sandwich ? 
is it true that every sandwich under a fine floor wanted a president in a sandwich ? 
is it true that a pickle ate the pickle ? 
a pickle kissed every chief of staff . 
is it true that a chief of staff pickled every pickle ? 
every pickle ate every pickle . 
every sandwich ate a pickle . 
the pickle ate a chief of staff under every sandwich . 
the sandwich ate the floor . 
a pickled fine fine fine delicious sandwich wanted every president ! 
a delicious floor with every sandwich kissed a sandwich . 
a fine floor ate every floor on a president ! 
is it true that a delicious floor pickled a chief of staff ? 
is it true that every floor understood a delicious president ? 
the pickle wanted a sandwich . 
every delicious chief of staff ate every chief of staff . 
every floor ate every floor on every floor with the chief of staff . 
is it true that the floor understood a chief of staff ? 
every pickled perplexed chief of staff ate the pickle . 
the chief of staff on every floor ate the chief of staff . 
the floor kissed the president in every pickle with a president on a president under a president under a pickle in a floor . 
the pickle on the pickle kissed the president ! 
the sandwich understood every sandwich . 
a pickle pickled the floor . 
is it true that every perplexed pickle ate every chief of staff ? 
every president in every sandwich ate the floor ! 
a pickle kissed a president ! 
a delicious floor understood a floor ! 
every sandwich wanted every floor . 
is it true that a sandwich pickled a president ? 
the floor ate a president under the pickled chief of staff under the president in the chief of staff . 
is it true that the president understood every delicious sandwich ? 
is it true that the chief of staff understood the sandwich ? 
the president ate a delicious floor in every pickle . 
is it true that every delicious president kissed the chief of staff ? 
a sandwich wanted a delicious pickle . 
every sandwich pickled every chief of staff . 
a president wanted a delicious chief of staff with every floor ! 
the floor understood a pickle . 
a sandwich kissed every perplexed pickle . 
is it true that a pickle wanted a floor ? 
a delicious president on every floor in a sandwich in every chief of staff wanted every pickled pickle with a pickle in every president in the floor in the floor . 
is it true that every sandwich pickled a president ? 
is it true that a sandwich wanted a president in every president on every president ? 
a chief of staff understood a pickle ! 
a fine delicious president on a sandwich in the perplexed sandwich wanted the floor . 
is it true that every pickle wanted every chief of staff ? 
a chief of staff understood every president ! 
every pickle kissed a sandwich ! 
a pickle kissed every sandwich . 
a perplexed pickled chief of staff wanted a president ! 
is it true that a president ate a fine pickle under every chief of staff ? 
a pickle pickled a floor with every perplexed pickle in the floor under every pickle ! 
the floor ate the sandwich . 
is it true that every pickled president understood every floor ? 
is it true that a sandwich kissed every pickle ? 
is it true that every president ate the chief of staff ? 
every sandwich understood every sandwich . 
a floor kissed every president ! 
the pickle understood the chief of staff ! 
the sandwich under the sandwich in every pickle ate every president in every floor with the president in every chief of staff . 
a pickle on every sandwich wanted the president . 
the pickle kissed a chief of staff . 
the floor kissed a chief of staff ! 
the sandwich on a perplexed chief of staff ate the floor . 
every floor wanted every sandwich ! 
is it true that every chief of staff kissed a perplexed floor ? 
is it true that a sandwich ate every sandwich ? 
is it true that a chief of staff pickled every chief of staff ? 
the chief of staff kissed every chief of staff ! 
every chief of staff with a president understood a sandwich . 
is it true that every pickle pickled the sandwich ? 
is it true that the sandwich wanted every pickle under a pickle ? 
is it true that the perplexed pickle understood a president under every floor ? 
is it true that a sandwich pickled a chief of staff ? 
every pickle ate every floor in a sandwich ! 
a fine pickled pickle kissed the chief of staff ! 
is it true that a pickle wanted the chief of staff ? 
is it true that every pickle ate every fine perplexed president ? 
the pickled floor kissed a pickle . 
the pickle wanted a pickle . 
is it true that every chief of staff understood every floor ? 
the delicious fine pickle wanted a chief of staff ! 
is it true that a pickle pickled every pickle ? 
the floor pickled the floor ! 
every sandwich ate the pickle with every floor . 
is it true that the floor kissed a chief of staff ? 
the pickle wanted every pickle with the sandwich . 
the chief of staff pickled every pickle ! 
a sandwich on the pickled pickle understood every chief of staff . 
a pickle under the chief of staff ate every chief of staff ! 
the president understood the sandwich . 
every pickle in a fine chief of staff ate a pickled chief of staff . 
is it true that every sandwich pickled every pickle ? 
a delicious chief of staff under a perplexed pickled sandwich ate every floor . 
a chief of staff pickled every pickled president . 
the chief of staff on a pickle ate a president ! 
a perplexed floor understood the president . 
a sandwich kissed every pickle . 
is it true that every pickle understood a pickled chief of staff ? 
a sandwich in the floor wanted the floor ! 
a president wanted every president . 
every chief of staff pickled the fine sandwich . 
every pickle pickled every floor in a president ! 
is it true that the sandwich kissed every chief of staff ? 
is it true that the fine sandwich kissed the president ? 
every president ate a sandwich . 
the president understood a pickle . 
is it true that a pickle kissed every chief of staff ? 
every pickle ate every chief of staff . 
a pickle wanted a president under a president in a president . 
is it true that every pickle in every delicious president in every president under a chief of staff with the fine chief of staff with a floor on a floor in a chief of staff in a floor understood every sandwich on the president ? 
is it true that a floor ate a pickle ? 
is it true that a pickled perplexed pickle understood a pickle ? 
the floor pickled every floor with the pickle on a chief of staff with a sandwich with every president ! 
the floor understood the pickled pickle . 
every chief of staff kissed a sandwich on a chief of staff on a pickle on every sandwich under a delicious chief of staff on a perplexed chief of staff ! 
the fine chief of staff understood a sandwich ! 
the pickle pickled every president . 
the delicious pickle kissed a sandwich ! 
every chief of staff pickled a chief of staff ! 
the pickle understood every pickled president . 
the chief of staff kissed every floor . 
the floor in a pickle wanted every sandwich in every president in the president ! 
is it true that the chief of staff pickled every floor ? 
a delicious chief of staff wanted the chief of staff . 
a pickle kissed the pickle . 
is it true that the fine floor on a sandwich ate every chief of staff ? 
the sandwich ate every sandwich . 
a floor kissed the sandwich on the floor . 
a sandwich in a president kissed the president ! 
the floor kissed a president ! 
every chief of staff kissed every sandwich on every sandwich . 
the fine chief of staff ate a floor ! 
every pickle kissed the pickle under the pickled floor ! 
the president pickled every pickled delicious floor . 
a pickle with a floor with a president under a pickled pickle kissed a pickle . 
a president ate the delicious president on the pickle ! 
is it true that a floor under the chief of staff wanted every pickle ? 
the sandwich wanted every chief of staff ! 
every floor kissed every president in a floor ! 
the president wanted a pickle ! 
is it true that the chief of staff understood every perplexed chief of staff ? 
the pickle understood the fine president ! 
the chief of staff understood a chief of staff ! 
is it true that every perplexed pickle ate every pickle with every fine pickle ? 
a sandwich kissed the delicious president ! 
the pickle wanted a chief of staff with every pickle . 
the sandwich with a president with a chief of staff understood the chief of staff ! 
is it true that a pickle under a president understood a delicious sandwich ? 
is it true that every pickled chief of staff understood every pickle under a floor ? 
the perplexed floor understood the sandwich . 
is it true that the chief of staff understood every pickle ? 
every chief of staff on a chief of staff ate every floor ! 
a sandwich understood the sandwich . 
a perplexed president understood a pickle ! 
is it true that every pickle wanted a floor ? 
every president pickled the floor . 
is it true that every floor pickled a floor on a floor ? 
every pickle on every floor kissed the floor . 
the president under a floor kissed a pickle . 
is it true that a floor wanted the chief of staff ? 
every floor ate a floor with a chief of staff with every chief of staff . 
is it true that the pickle ate the fine sandwich ? 
every floor kissed the president under a president ! 
is it true that the chief of staff wanted the pickle ? 
a floor kissed the sandwich . 
a chief of staff kissed a president . 
every president ate every sandwich ! 
a fine president understood the floor ! 
every sandwich wanted a president . 
a floor with every pickle on every floor understood the perplexed pickled president under every chief of staff . 
every chief of staff understood the floor . 
every sandwich kissed a pickle ! 
is it true that the chief of staff wanted the president ? 
every chief of staff ate every pickle with a pickle with a perplexed chief of staff with the delicious president ! 
is it true that a floor wanted the floor in the sandwich ? 
is it true that every chief of staff kissed a president ? 
a sandwich kissed the sandwich with a pickle under a pickled pickle under a pickled chief of staff ! 
is it true that every president understood every chief of staff ? 
a delicious president understood a sandwich ! 
every sandwich ate the floor ! 
every floor kissed every president ! 
is it true that every pickled president ate the president ? 
is it true that a president in the president wanted the president ? 
the pickled chief of staff understood every floor ! 
every chief of staff kissed every president ! 
is it true that every fine chief of staff kissed every chief of staff ? 
is it true that a sandwich pickled every floor ? 
every chief of staff understood the pickle with every president ! 
a pickled floor wanted a floor ! 
is it true that every chief of staff wanted the president ? 
the pickle wanted a floor ! 
every sandwich wanted the fine sandwich . 
is it true that the president in a sandwich kissed every perplexed floor ? 
is it true that every perplexed perplexed president ate the sandwich ? 
a sandwich on every sandwich understood a floor in the fine president on a delicious floor with the pickle . 
a sandwich on the pickle wanted every floor ! 
every president in a delicious pickled sandwich on every delicious pickled delicious president pickled every pickled chief of staff . 
is it true that the floor in every fine floor under a pickle kissed a sandwich on every floor on the sandwich ? 
the president understood a chief of staff with a chief of staff under every floor with the fine floor ! 
the sandwich wanted every chief of staff . 
the president pickled every president with a sandwich ! 
is it true that a pickle understood every president ? 
is it true that the pickled pickle wanted a sandwich ? 
is it true that every pickle ate every pickle under every chief of staff ? 
is it true that every chief of staff wanted the floor ? 
the floor on the pickle wanted a floor ! 
is it true that every chief of staff ate a delicious pickle ? 
every chief of staff wanted the pickle . 
is it true that a pickle pickled the president ? 
is it true that a pickle wanted the president ? 
every sandwich kissed the president . 
every pickled delicious pickle wanted the pickle ! 
a pickle pickled the sandwich ! 
the pickle understood every sandwich ! 
is it true that the fine president kissed a perplexed sandwich ? 
a sandwich understood every president on a chief of staff ! 
every floor wanted a fine sandwich . 
is it true that every sandwich ate every sandwich ? 
a pickle pickled a sandwich ! 
is it true that the pickled floor pickled the perplexed pickle ? 
a chief of staff kissed every floor ! 
the sandwich kissed the president . 
the sandwich understood the pickle on the floor with every president in a sandwich ! 
is it true that a floor kissed a chief of staff ? 
is it true that the pickle on every perplexed president wanted a chief of staff ? 
a fine president kissed the sandwich ! 
a delicious president understood the delicious chief of staff ! 
a chief of staff ate a floor with every floor . 
is it true that a delicious president kissed every sandwich ? 
is it true that a chief of staff ate the chief of staff ? 
is it true that the chief of staff kissed every sandwich ? 
the pickle understood the president ! 
a sandwich understood every sandwich ! 
the sandwich ate every chief of staff ! 
is it true that the chief of staff kissed the president ? 
a president understood a president ! 
the pickle understood a pickle . 
every sandwich under every floor ate every chief of staff ! 
a floor pickled every chief of staff . 
every chief of staff with a delicious chief of staff understood every president . 
the floor wanted every floor ! 
the chief of staff pickled the president . 
every sandwich understood the pickled pickle . 
is it true that every president kissed every pickle ? 
a perplexed floor on every pickled floor ate a perplexed fine chief of staff . 
the floor ate every perplexed president ! 
the pickled floor pickled every perplexed perplexed floor ! 
the delicious delicious sandwich pickled the sandwich with a chief of staff ! 
is it true that the chief of staff on every chief of staff understood every perplexed delicious pickle ? 
a chief of staff pickled a president ! 
is it true that the pickle kissed the pickle ? 
is it true that a floor wanted the sandwich ? 
a chief of staff wanted every president . 
is it true that the chief of staff wanted the chief of staff ? 
every chief of staff with the sandwich ate the chief of staff ! 
the sandwich kissed every floor with the chief of staff ! 
is it true that a sandwich wanted the chief of staff ? 
the sandwich understood every sandwich under every chief of staff . 
is it true that the floor wanted the delicious floor ? 
is it true that a floor kissed a pickled sandwich ? 
is it true that the chief of staff ate every sandwich ? 
every president pickled the fine pickle ! 
every fine president wanted the pickle ! 
is it true that a president pickled a sandwich on the chief of staff ? 
the sandwich ate the fine floor ! 
every pickle wanted a fine pickled sandwich . 
every sandwich pickled the perplexed floor . 
the president ate the pickle under a chief of staff in a sandwich ! 
a chief of staff wanted every sandwich ! 
a floor wanted the floor on every president . 
every pickled perplexed sandwich ate the chief of staff under the president . 
is it true that the floor ate a chief of staff ? 
is it true that the president in a floor pickled the fine chief of staff ? 
the delicious delicious president wanted every fine president . 
is it true that a floor with a chief of staff in the floor kissed the delicious chief of staff ? 
every pickle kissed the perplexed floor in a chief of staff . 
is it true that a sandwich wanted the delicious fine pickle ? 
every sandwich understood the pickle . 
is it true that the pickle kissed the chief of staff ? 
a chief of staff wanted a pickled sandwich ! 
is it true that the pickle understood a pickle on a pickled floor ? 
the chief of staff kissed the fine pickle . 
the sandwich understood the chief of staff . 
a floor kissed a sandwich under the sandwich ! 
a president pickled every president in every sandwich ! 
the chief of staff ate every chief of staff ! 
is it true that the floor understood every pickled president ? 
is it true that every floor kissed a fine pickled president ? 
every sandwich on the sandwich kissed the pickle . 
the floor with every president under the president kissed every president ! 
a pickle ate every chief of staff with every chief of staff on the president with a sandwich ! 
is it true that every sandwich in every chief of staff ate the pickle ? 
the president understood the sandwich . 
the chief of staff kissed a sandwich ! 
the sandwich understood a president on the pickle . 
every floor with a president ate a chief of staff . 
a floor wanted every pickle . 
is it true that every floor on the president on the sandwich under the perplexed perplexed pickle with every perplexed delicious chief of staff understood the floor ? 
every chief of staff in the floor understood the fine pickle . 
is it true that the president understood a sandwich under every delicious floor under a president ? 
a perplexed president wanted a sandwich . 
the pickle under the sandwich with a delicious chief of staff with every pickle in a chief of staff on every floor pickled a sandwich ! 
the pickle ate the perplexed sandwich with every pickle . 
is it true that the chief of staff kissed a president ? 
a pickle understood the pickle . 
is it true that every chief of staff on every delicious pickle pickled every president ? 
is it true that the chief of staff wanted the pickle ? 
every pickle ate a chief of staff ! 
is it true that every pickle ate a chief of staff on the sandwich under the president with every floor in the sandwich in every chief of staff ? 
a fine pickle kissed the pickle . 
every sandwich under every delicious sandwich pickled the floor . 
every sandwich ate every president ! 
is it true that every pickle pickled a sandwich ? 
every floor ate every president on the pickle . 
is it true that every president with the president understood a sandwich ? 
is it true that the floor ate every sandwich ? 
is it true that every perplexed delicious chief of staff pickled every sandwich ? 
a sandwich wanted the fine president on a pickled floor ! 
a chief of staff ate a president on every floor on the president . 
the chief of staff ate a sandwich under a pickle ! 
every pickled sandwich on every delicious delicious pickle under a sandwich wanted every perplexed chief of staff . 
the chief of staff in every chief of staff ate the sandwich ! 
a sandwich understood the pickle . 
every president understood the floor ! 
is it true that a pickle kissed a floor ? 
the pickled pickle ate the pickle under the floor under a chief of staff on the sandwich ! 
is it true that every president on every president pickled the floor ? 
the pickled chief of staff ate a floor ! 
is it true that every pickled chief of staff understood the floor under a floor ? 
a floor in the floor ate a pickle . 
is it true that every floor ate a floor ? 
the sandwich pickled the chief of staff ! 
a sandwich understood the floor . 
the sandwich ate every chief of staff ! 
every chief of staff understood the floor . 
is it true that a sandwich understood every floor ? 
a chief of staff pickled the chief of staff on a chief of staff with the pickle under the floor under a president with the chief of staff with the delicious chief of staff on every chief of staff with the fine sandwich on a pickle with every pickle with a sandwich ! 
is it true that a perplexed floor wanted a president on every fine floor ? 
is it true that a president wanted the pickled sandwich ? 
the pickle under the delicious pickle understood a pickle . 
the sandwich with every floor kissed every floor on the floor . 
a president kissed a sandwich . 
every floor kissed every sandwich . 
is it true that a chief of staff ate every chief of staff ? 
a chief of staff under the sandwich with a president ate a floor ! 
a sandwich kissed a pickle ! 
the delicious sandwich ate the floor on a floor . 
is it true that a president understood the sandwich with the sandwich on the chief of staff ? 
is it true that every sandwich ate the pickled president in every pickled chief of staff ? 
the sandwich understood a floor . 
a president wanted a perplexed sandwich . 
is it true that the sandwich wanted the floor on the floor ? 
a president under a sandwich understood the pickle . 
every president ate the president ! 
a chief of staff understood the sandwich ! 
the sandwich pickled a sandwich . 
the fine delicious president wanted every sandwich . 
every floor wanted a floor with every floor in the president in the pickle ! 
the chief of staff kissed every pickle . 
a pickle kissed every president . 
is it true that every president understood a floor ? 
is it true that a president pickled a chief of staff in a pickle ? 
a president pickled a pickle . 
the perplexed president pickled a pickle . 
the floor understood the pickle . 
is it true that the pickle ate the floor ? 
the chief of staff pickled a president . 
is it true that every sandwich ate every president ? 
is it true that a president wanted a sandwich ? 
every president pickled the president . 
the sandwich wanted a pickle on every floor ! 
the sandwich under a fine pickle ate the pickled chief of staff ! 
is it true that every fine perplexed sandwich pickled every president ? 
the perplexed chief of staff understood every president . 
a sandwich pickled a floor . 
is it true that the president kissed the pickle ? 
a president pickled every pickled perplexed sandwich . 
is it true that every sandwich wanted the delicious pickle ? 
every pickled president wanted the sandwich . 
a president kissed the president . 
a sandwich with the pickle kissed the floor . 
a pickle under a fine sandwich kissed every sandwich ! 
is it true that a pickled chief of staff understood every sandwich ? 
the floor ate the chief of staff . 
a president pickled a chief of staff with every floor ! 
is it true that every fine president understood a chief of staff ? 
every pickle understood the chief of staff ! 
is it true that the pickle understood every pickled floor ? 
a chief of staff pickled the president on the chief of staff with every sandwich ! 
a president under a pickle understood a president ! 
is it true that the chief of staff under the president pickled the sandwich ? 
every floor ate a delicious chief of staff . 
the sandwich under the floor with a pickled president under every sandwich pickled the chief of staff . 
every pickle understood a sandwich under a chief of staff . 
the pickle understood the fine chief of staff ! 
the floor pickled every chief of staff ! 
every sandwich pickled every president . 
is it true that every president wanted the fine president with a chief of staff ? 
a fine floor understood every floor . 
a president pickled every floor with every chief of staff with a floor with the fine president ! 
every sandwich in a pickle understood every sandwich ! 
is it true that a fine sandwich kissed the sandwich ? 
the president understood the pickle . 
a sandwich understood every fine sandwich . 
a perplexed floor ate the pickle . 
is it true that the pickle understood every president ? 
every delicious delicious pickle under the sandwich pickled the delicious floor ! 
every pickle pickled every chief of staff ! 
is it true that the floor in the pickle understood the chief of staff on the sandwich ? 
a pickle ate a chief of staff with every president ! 
is it true that the sandwich understood a sandwich with every sandwich ? 
a pickle kissed the pickle in a pickle . 
a chief of staff ate every chief of staff ! 
the pickle ate every sandwich ! 
a pickle ate every floor ! 
a president understood every pickle ! 
a sandwich ate a president on every sandwich on a delicious pickle . 
a pickle ate a chief of staff . 
every president understood every delicious president ! 
a floor wanted the sandwich ! 
is it true that the chief of staff ate the floor ? 
is it true that the floor understood every pickled sandwich ? 
is it true that every president ate a president ? 
a president pickled the chief of staff ! 
every sandwich kissed the pickle . 
every pickle kissed the pickle . 
is it true that a sandwich kissed every sandwich ? 
the sandwich kissed every chief of staff . 
the pickle under the sandwich under the sandwich kissed a sandwich . 
a fine president kissed a sandwich . 
is it true that the chief of staff kissed a floor ? 
is it true that every floor under every chief of staff kissed every fine floor ? 
the pickle with every chief of staff in every pickle with every pickle with every pickle with the pickle with a chief of staff wanted a sandwich . 
every pickle with every chief of staff understood the sandwich . 
the chief of staff kissed the president under every sandwich with a president ! 
is it true that a pickle wanted the floor ? 
a floor ate the pickle . 
the sandwich under a sandwich understood every fine pickle with every chief of staff on a perplexed sandwich . 
is it true that the floor wanted every sandwich ? 
the fine floor ate a perplexed pickled president on the delicious pickle under every sandwich . 
the sandwich wanted the pickle under the chief of staff ! 
the floor wanted the president under the sandwich . 
a sandwich ate every president in the chief of staff . 
is it true that the chief of staff kissed every pickle ? 
a president wanted every sandwich . 
a chief of staff pickled every pickle ! 
a delicious president pickled the president ! 
is it true that a president pickled the floor ? 
a sandwich with every sandwich in the sandwich pickled a delicious chief of staff ! 
a sandwich with the pickled president kissed the chief of staff . 
is it true that a fine pickle ate the chief of staff ? 
