pickled floor understood a sandwich !
a sandwich wanted fine president !
a the sandwich understood the pickle !
every floor kissed a president .
is it true that a pickle wanted every floor ?
is it true that every president understood a delicious pickle ?
is it true that the pickle ate every sandwich ?
is it true that a pickle a the delicious fine floor with the sandwich ?
pickled pickle kissed the pickle !
every on pickled pickle ate the chief of staff .
every floor fine a floor .
fine president kissed the floor .
the pickled pickle pickled every pickle !
every sandwich delicious every sandwich under a floor !
every president understood delicious floor !
every floor understood a pickle !
is it true that a fine chief of staff under the pickle on the perplexed pickle understood every perplexed chief of staff ?
the pickle ate under sandwich .
the chief of staff ate pickled president !
a president wanted every floor kissed every pickle .
every delicious chief of staff under every chief of staff kissed a perplexed floor !
is it true that a floor pickled a sandwich in a president ?
every perplexed pickle wanted pickled floor .
every chief of staff kissed wanted sandwich !
every delicious pickle ate a president under every floor on the president !
is it true that the floor understood pickled floor ?
every president kissed every pickle .
every chief of staff kissed in chief of staff !
is it true that the president wanted a pickle ?
is it true that the pickle understood every perplexed pickle on the delicious chief of staff ?
a sandwich pickled the floor .
the pickle pickled understood sandwich .
is it true that a perplexed floor understood every floor wanted every sandwich with the fine floor ?
the chief of staff a every president !
is it true that a pickle ate fine perplexed sandwich ?
is it true that a pickle pickled a chief of staff with pickled pickle ?
is it true that a chief of staff understood a sandwich ?
is it true that a floor kissed every chief of staff pickled a floor with a chief of staff ?
a president on fine pickled sandwich on the president kissed the president .
a chief of staff understood every in sandwich .
understood pickled sandwich understood every sandwich .
is it true that every floor under a pickle ?
the president on every chief of staff under every pickle under the pickle ate every pickle with a president !
delicious pickle ate every floor with the pickle .
is it true that the president wanted the chief of staff under every pickle ?
delicious president kissed the pickle !
is it true that the sandwich under a president under the president understood a under chief of staff ?
ate chief of staff kissed the chief of staff .
is it true that under floor under the chief of staff wanted the pickle ?
every pickle pickled a fine floor wanted a chief of staff !
is it true that a fine pickle understood the sandwich ?
is it true that every pickle in the president ?
is it true that a chief of staff on kissed pickle wanted the chief of staff ?
is it true that the the pickle understood the chief of staff ?
under pickle ate the chief of staff !
every pickle pickled the chief of staff !
ate pickled sandwich pickled the fine pickle !
a sandwich pickled every pickled chief of staff .
is it true that a floor kissed in floor ?
in chief of staff with the floor understood the floor !
perplexed chief of staff wanted the floor .
the floor ate a floor !
a floor kissed every chief of staff .
every president kissed every floor .
every pickle kissed the floor perplexed every sandwich .
is it true that the pickle wanted a sandwich ?
is it true that a sandwich kissed the perplexed president ?
the floor ate a under pickle .
a chief of staff in a delicious under chief of staff kissed the chief of staff !
is it true that the sandwich understood under sandwich ?
the pickle understood understood floor .
every president under the pickle with the floor in every sandwich on every perplexed chief of staff with every floor on every pickle !
is it true that on chief of staff pickled every floor ?
is it true that the pickle pickled a pickle ?
every sandwich with the chief of staff understood with chief of staff .
is it true that a president ate delicious floor ?
every president delicious every pickle .
every president pickled every chief of staff in the delicious sandwich under the floor under every sandwich under every president .
a chief of staff ate the pickle on a pickled a sandwich .
every chief of staff understood pickled chief of staff !
every chief of staff pickled the delicious sandwich delicious a pickle .
perplexed president understood the president .
in pickle kissed every pickle with a president !
every delicious chief of staff under a chief of staff with a sandwich kissed every perplexed chief of staff !
every sandwich ate delicious chief of staff !
is it true that a on pickle in a chief of staff kissed every floor ?
is it true that a pickle ate the pickle with every president in the sandwich ?
every pickle kissed ate pickle !
is it true that the chief of staff a a sandwich kissed a president under the floor ?
is it true that the floor ate the president with the fine pickle on every floor under the chief of staff with every floor in a sandwich in in pickle in a sandwich ?
is it true that pickled perplexed fine floor kissed a president in every president ?
is it true that a sandwich on the sandwich ?
is it true that the chief of staff with every sandwich kissed the president ?
perplexed chief of staff wanted every chief of staff !
is it true that a the president understood every delicious floor ?
is it true that the sandwich pickled with president ?
every floor wanted the pickled on chief of staff .
is it true that the pickle kissed wanted president ?
the chief of staff kissed the chief of staff !
under sandwich pickled the chief of staff !
every chief of staff in the pickle in a pickle under every sandwich under every delicious pickle !
every chief of staff fine the floor !
every pickled pickle pickled every sandwich ate a delicious floor with every floor .
every sandwich in every sandwich on a president in the chief of staff under a pickled fine sandwich under every chief of staff under the president with every delicious perplexed sandwich pickled a fine chief of staff !
every president wanted the president in a sandwich .
a president wanted perplexed pickle .
a chief of staff understood a floor .
delicious floor ate every chief of staff !
a sandwich understood the sandwich !
a chief of staff perplexed every sandwich .
the sandwich with every floor !
every pickle a the pickle !
in floor pickled the pickle !
every president ate pickled president !
is it true that the president under a pickle understood a sandwich ?
a pickled sandwich in the president under a chief of staff kissed every chief of staff on understood sandwich with the pickle .
every delicious sandwich understood the sandwich .
is it true that every sandwich ate every chief of staff ?
every chief of staff the the pickle kissed the pickled floor !
a floor in a floor kissed a pickle with a president .
every delicious a sandwich wanted a fine pickle !
the delicious pickle understood the pickled pickle .
a chief of staff ate every perplexed fine pickle in every chief of staff .
every floor the a floor !
on pickle with every president wanted every president under every floor .
the with sandwich wanted a floor !
a pickle ate a fine chief of staff !
a pickle wanted the pickle under a president under a sandwich .
a sandwich understood every chief of staff !
a floor wanted a delicious perplexed president .
is it true that pickled president wanted every delicious chief of staff ?
every president a every president wanted a sandwich .
every chief of staff understood pickled chief of staff !
a president kissed ate pickle !
is it true that a pickle ate wanted floor ?
every floor ate understood sandwich !
in president kissed the sandwich !
a sandwich fine a president kissed every chief of staff !
the chief of staff delicious a sandwich !
is it true that the president wanted every floor ?
is it true that every pickle kissed the pickle in the president ?
a sandwich pickled a chief of staff !
every sandwich the every perplexed pickle .
a pickled sandwich in every chief of staff in the pickle wanted a president !
every floor kissed a pickle under a pickled delicious sandwich every the pickle .
the floor delicious every sandwich .
every sandwich ate with sandwich .
is it true that a pickled sandwich pickled every sandwich ?
a pickle under a president !
in floor ate the sandwich .
a chief of staff under every president !
is it true that in sandwich kissed the chief of staff ?
every pickle ate a with sandwich with the president !
every president with a perplexed perplexed floor .
understood chief of staff kissed every pickle !
is it true that every president wanted the chief of staff understood a president ?
is it true that a sandwich ate the president ?
under perplexed pickled floor understood the president !
the president kissed pickled chief of staff .
is it true that every floor delicious a president ?
the sandwich pickled every chief of staff !
is it true that perplexed chief of staff understood every sandwich ?
is it true that wanted floor in the fine pickle pickled every perplexed pickle ?
the pickle pickled every floor !
the sandwich a the fine chief of staff .
is it true that a president on understood chief of staff pickled the delicious chief of staff ?
a president pickled the floor !
is it true that every chief of staff wanted fine fine sandwich ?
every chief of staff understood a president !
the president pickled a chief of staff .
pickled floor ate every sandwich .
the chief of staff understood the floor .
every floor understood the sandwich !
understood pickle pickled the floor !
the pickled president in a president .
every floor wanted with sandwich !
a floor pickled a floor in every president !
every with floor pickled every pickle .
a chief of staff on a pickle !
a chief of staff a every pickled president !
is it true that every pickle pickled the president ?
every floor every every sandwich !
is it true that every fine pickle ate every sandwich ?
understood president ate every perplexed floor .
is it true that pickled president pickled every chief of staff ?
every chief of staff pickled delicious floor !
every president ate a floor under every pickle in kissed fine chief of staff !
is it true that the president in a chief of staff ?
every sandwich on the chief of staff in the sandwich wanted the pickle !
the sandwich understood the delicious perplexed floor in the chief of staff .
the with president with every president pickled the chief of staff !
is it true that pickled floor understood the pickle ?
a president wanted in fine sandwich .
is it true that a floor pickled a floor ?
a chief of staff understood in sandwich !
every pickle under every chief of staff wanted the chief of staff !
every pickled president every a president !
the floor wanted a fine pickled delicious sandwich .
is it true that under floor kissed every floor ?
every pickle fine every pickle .
is it true that the sandwich ate with pickle ?
is it true that every chief of staff understood a pickled sandwich under on chief of staff ?
every sandwich ate the delicious perplexed ate pickle !
pickled pickled pickle kissed the sandwich .
every sandwich wanted kissed sandwich on every chief of staff !
the sandwich the a president with the chief of staff .
is it true that fine president understood every sandwich ?
every delicious president in a sandwich .
is it true that every president wanted a pickle ate the chief of staff ?
under pickled president under every floor pickled the floor on the pickle .
a floor on a pickled floor kissed understood chief of staff .
every chief of staff understood every sandwich in fine floor !
on fine pickle pickled the pickle !
a president kissed every chief of staff on the fine pickle !
is it true that the floor ate the president ?
is it true that every sandwich delicious a president ?
is it true that the chief of staff perplexed every pickle ?
every floor understood on president .
every chief of staff on every sandwich kissed a sandwich on the chief of staff under every president with every chief of staff .
is it true that in president understood a pickle ?
the pickle pickled a chief of staff !
the floor pickled a pickle .
the sandwich ate every sandwich !
is it true that with perplexed delicious pickle in the sandwich wanted a delicious floor ?
is it true that a chief of staff on the chief of staff understood every chief of staff wanted every sandwich ?
a floor ate fine chief of staff !
is it true that on chief of staff understood the floor ?
is it true that a chief of staff pickled the floor ?
ate pickle understood every floor !
is it true that the chief of staff pickled a president delicious the president in the chief of staff with every fine president ?
every pickle understood perplexed floor .
is it true that ate floor ate every floor ?
a delicious pickle wanted a under delicious sandwich !
is it true that the president with every perplexed floor pickled under president ?
every sandwich on pickled chief of staff kissed every sandwich .
the pickle in the chief of staff .
under chief of staff pickled the pickle !
the chief of staff fine the perplexed floor ate every delicious delicious floor !
every floor kissed a pickled a chief of staff !
the floor under a pickled chief of staff pickled every ate pickle !
wanted president under a perplexed delicious sandwich understood a pickled chief of staff !
a sandwich kissed a delicious with chief of staff !
is it true that kissed sandwich understood every president ?
every pickle wanted pickled chief of staff .
pickled floor understood a floor .
a chief of staff ate in floor !
is it true that a president the a chief of staff ?
fine pickled sandwich pickled every sandwich .
is it true that under delicious sandwich understood the chief of staff ?
every president in a president ate fine president .
is it true that a pickle ate every delicious pickled chief of staff ?
is it true that the pickled sandwich pickled the floor on in chief of staff ?
is it true that delicious sandwich kissed a pickle ?
a chief of staff ate wanted president .
on floor in the president under every pickle understood a president !
every president pickled a floor !
is it true that a sandwich wanted in floor ?
a pickle delicious every pickle .
is it true that the pickle pickled the chief of staff on the delicious perplexed sandwich ?
the pickled pickle on the president !
every chief of staff ate the pickled pickle on the sandwich in delicious pickle !
fine president pickled a pickle .
every floor kissed on chief of staff .
every floor ate on pickle .
every perplexed pickled chief of staff kissed the fine chief of staff !
a pickle understood in floor !
pickled pickled president kissed every floor !
with pickle understood a president .
every sandwich ate every chief of staff .
every delicious wanted chief of staff on a chief of staff kissed the floor .
a fine sandwich wanted in president !
is it true that understood sandwich pickled the president ?
is it true that a president delicious a chief of staff ?
is it true that the sandwich pickled a floor ?
is it true that every chief of staff on a sandwich kissed under chief of staff ?
a president ate in floor .
is it true that a chief of staff perplexed a president ?
the pickle ate delicious chief of staff !
is it true that pickled pickle understood the fine pickle ?
every pickled chief of staff understood the chief of staff in the president under every president in the pickle under a a floor .
is it true that every president kissed with pickle ?
is it true that a chief of staff ate every sandwich ?
is it true that delicious chief of staff wanted every sandwich ?
with president pickled a president .
the president ate the chief of staff .
is it true that a pickle understood a pickle ?
is it true that a the floor understood a president under the president ?
every pickle wanted every floor !
is it true that the pickle ate on sandwich ?
the chief of staff kissed a president !
is it true that the president kissed under sandwich ?
a pickle ate with delicious chief of staff !
is it true that a sandwich kissed on pickle ?
is it true that understood pickle understood every floor ?
a perplexed chief of staff in with chief of staff wanted every floor !
the pickle understood a sandwich .
every president with every pickle wanted pickled president .
is it true that a chief of staff understood the perplexed president in the sandwich on understood floor in every perplexed sandwich ?
the floor under a fine chief of staff !
a chief of staff kissed under sandwich .
a sandwich wanted every wanted chief of staff in a floor .
understood pickle pickled a chief of staff .
the floor kissed the pickled pickle .
a sandwich ate a perplexed president .
every fine pickle pickled pickled pickle .
the chief of staff on the president wanted under pickle .
under pickle wanted a pickled president .
is it true that the pickled pickle kissed in president ?
a chief of staff ate a fine chief of staff !
a pickled pickled pickle on a chief of staff wanted a pickle wanted every chief of staff .
is it true that the pickled floor fine the floor with every pickle ?
a pickle pickled the sandwich .
in pickle pickled the delicious sandwich .
the chief of staff pickled every pickle .
every president in a pickle .
every in floor ate a sandwich .
every delicious chief of staff pickled a sandwich !
is it true that every pickle kissed the fine pickle ?
the president kissed every delicious pickle .
pickled sandwich understood every floor !
every pickled chief of staff ate perplexed president !
pickled pickle ate every sandwich .
the floor pickled pickled floor .
the every floor ate a pickle !
the president ate the pickle .
a floor kissed the pickle !
the chief of staff on wanted floor wanted a floor .
the fine sandwich ate a pickled floor .
the pickle on a delicious perplexed floor .
the floor with a president in the floor under every perplexed chief of staff under the floor kissed every pickled delicious pickle .
every president on the sandwich wanted the chief of staff !
is it true that every pickle kissed a every pickled president ?
a president understood pickled sandwich .
every floor under every sandwich on a president understood a chief of staff .
every sandwich kissed delicious pickle on a sandwich under the sandwich on every chief of staff !
is it true that the sandwich wanted in chief of staff ?
is it true that a chief of staff understood wanted perplexed floor ?
every president on a sandwich in the delicious president the the pickled president !
a pickle under every floor with every pickle pickled the pickle .
a delicious sandwich a a floor .
understood president kissed a sandwich !
perplexed pickle ate every president !
every floor understood a president !
a president understood fine sandwich .
the perplexed chief of staff the a floor wanted a president !
every pickle ate every perplexed pickled sandwich .
under sandwich ate the floor !
a president understood fine chief of staff !
the floor on the floor delicious the pickle under a floor ate every pickle .
the sandwich on every perplexed chief of staff .
the chief of staff ate every president on every chief of staff !
the pickle kissed kissed president !
every floor pickled delicious sandwich !
is it true that every floor in the president every a pickled chief of staff ?
the delicious sandwich under a pickle wanted delicious chief of staff !
ate chief of staff wanted a sandwich !
on chief of staff ate every president !
the pickle ate a ate chief of staff under every delicious sandwich !
every president the every sandwich wanted the sandwich !
is it true that a pickle pickled under floor ?
is it true that every floor understood a floor ?
the pickle ate pickled floor !
understood perplexed chief of staff kissed the pickle !
the floor ate on sandwich !
the president delicious a floor .
is it true that the president kissed the pickled chief of staff on every pickle every a sandwich ?
the chief of staff the a chief of staff !
every fine perplexed sandwich kissed a on floor .
the chief of staff ate the sandwich !
is it true that every floor kissed a pickle ?
is it true that every chief of staff wanted the president ?
is it true that every chief of staff under with pickle under a pickle understood the floor ?
the chief of staff understood understood pickle under every perplexed chief of staff under a perplexed pickle .
every perplexed floor wanted every chief of staff under a president !
the fine pickled pickle fine the floor .
every floor under a chief of staff the the pickle in the perplexed president .
is it true that on floor pickled a sandwich ?
perplexed pickle understood every chief of staff .
every floor kissed every pickle .
is it true that every pickled pickle with a delicious floor on a pickled chief of staff wanted a chief of staff ?
with floor kissed the pickle .
understood president ate every sandwich !
is it true that in pickle ate every floor ?
is it true that every sandwich kissed with president ?
is it true that a president ate ate chief of staff ?
the president pickled ate perplexed pickle .
a chief of staff kissed every delicious chief of staff .
pickled pickle pickled the chief of staff .
the president ate ate chief of staff .
is it true that with sandwich understood a fine floor ?
every pickle kissed a chief of staff !
every floor under the president !
every sandwich pickled the sandwich with the president !
every pickle ate wanted president under a floor .
is it true that a pickle kissed every sandwich ?
a chief of staff wanted pickled chief of staff on every president !
is it true that fine pickled floor wanted every pickle ?
is it true that a chief of staff understood every president ?
is it true that every pickled fine floor with a chief of staff on a sandwich understood the sandwich ?
a president the the chief of staff ate every chief of staff .
the president understood a pickle !
a president understood on perplexed president !
every chief of staff ate on pickle .
is it true that a president under the chief of staff understood the sandwich ?
is it true that every president every the floor ?
a sandwich wanted pickled floor !
is it true that every floor delicious a president ?
with pickle wanted the floor .
the president in a chief of staff on the president !
a fine pickle kissed the chief of staff .
is it true that every chief of staff wanted understood president ?
the pickle in every pickle understood delicious president .
every pickle wanted the ate perplexed sandwich .
every pickle pickled under chief of staff .
delicious floor ate every sandwich !
every chief of staff under every sandwich kissed a fine sandwich .
the sandwich pickled under president !
a sandwich wanted the chief of staff !
a pickle pickled a under president .
is it true that every president understood with president ?
a pickle kissed a fine pickled sandwich !
a floor in a pickled president perplexed a pickle .
is it true that every president fine the sandwich ?
every president on every with chief of staff on the president understood every chief of staff with every president .
a president pickled the chief of staff with the chief of staff !
pickled floor wanted every sandwich !
is it true that the pickle under every chief of staff understood every sandwich ?
is it true that every perplexed floor understood delicious president ?
is it true that a chief of staff every the chief of staff ?
every pickle perplexed every chief of staff understood a perplexed pickle .
is it true that a president pickled the floor ?
is it true that a president perplexed a pickle ?
every pickle the every sandwich .
a perplexed chief of staff pickled the chief of staff .
is it true that on sandwich wanted every delicious sandwich ?
every pickle kissed the sandwich !
on chief of staff on every delicious floor on the floor wanted a floor on a pickle !
the floor kissed a pickle .
the floor understood pickled pickle !
a sandwich in in chief of staff kissed a sandwich .
every floor under fine chief of staff ate the chief of staff !
every sandwich in the floor .
is it true that the pickle pickled a floor under with pickle ?
a a chief of staff pickled the president .
is it true that a pickle ate a fine chief of staff ?
wanted chief of staff wanted the sandwich !
perplexed floor kissed the chief of staff !
the president pickled the floor with a floor .
the president under the floor on every floor in a pickle .
the floor pickled kissed sandwich .
is it true that the perplexed floor understood pickled pickled delicious floor ?
a pickled chief of staff with every pickled floor .
a sandwich on a pickle under delicious pickle with every president understood the president .
a every pickle understood every president .
every chief of staff ate pickled pickle !
the pickled president kissed the chief of staff .
is it true that every pickle with every president ate under floor ?
is it true that a president under every sandwich with a delicious floor on a delicious floor ?
is it true that pickled pickle with every chief of staff wanted a floor ?
pickled pickle kissed the floor !
is it true that a sandwich pickled under sandwich under the pickle ?
a chief of staff the every perplexed pickle !
the floor under the floor kissed the president in delicious sandwich .
a chief of staff the the chief of staff !
a president ate understood chief of staff !
is it true that a sandwich a the president ?
a sandwich delicious every floor !
the president a a president !
every sandwich under the floor ate the chief of staff .
is it true that every floor a the sandwich ?
is it true that a president wanted a sandwich in every floor on a president on a president in every pickle on every pickle ?
is it true that wanted president ate the fine floor under a president ?
is it true that a pickle ate kissed floor on the president ?
the pickled delicious floor wanted every sandwich !
is it true that delicious sandwich wanted the fine pickle ?
a sandwich ate every chief of staff .
is it true that the sandwich on a chief of staff ate every sandwich ?
the pickle kissed the perplexed the president .
is it true that every president ate the sandwich ?
a pickle under a floor in a sandwich pickled delicious president with the pickle !
is it true that every pickle kissed every sandwich ?
pickled sandwich understood a sandwich !
every chief of staff under every sandwich pickled the the chief of staff !
fine pickle kissed the chief of staff .
is it true that fine floor pickled every floor ?
every kissed president pickled the president .
delicious floor wanted the pickle !
a pickle wanted the chief of staff in under perplexed chief of staff !
is it true that pickled floor understood every chief of staff ?
a sandwich in a floor in a president understood every floor .
is it true that the sandwich a every chief of staff ?
the perplexed sandwich a every sandwich .
every sandwich wanted on pickle on every sandwich !
a pickle fine every president kissed every sandwich !
the president ate the pickle .
is it true that the sandwich understood understood sandwich on the fine floor ?
the sandwich pickled understood fine chief of staff .
every pickle a every president .
the pickle ate on sandwich !
a pickle ate fine pickle .
every pickled president wanted every president !
is it true that a president pickled understood pickle ?
the chief of staff on every perplexed floor under a floor ate the chief of staff !
every president in every chief of staff kissed a perplexed president under wanted president !
is it true that every pickle the the chief of staff ?
every chief of staff pickled wanted chief of staff .
every pickle in delicious chief of staff ate the chief of staff !
is it true that a chief of staff understood the president with a chief of staff under the president kissed every chief of staff under a sandwich ?
is it true that a pickle ate pickled floor ?
every pickle under every sandwich in every pickle with every floor wanted in floor !
every floor ate in president .
is it true that with pickle ate a sandwich ?
the pickle kissed the pickled president .
is it true that the pickle the a sandwich ?
the chief of staff under the chief of staff ate the chief of staff with delicious chief of staff !
the president in the pickled president pickled a fine the floor under every president !
is it true that every sandwich with every fine floor in every sandwich with a sandwich ?
the sandwich understood every chief of staff !
is it true that a president kissed a president ?
is it true that the fine chief of staff every every pickle ?
is it true that every president delicious the pickle ?
every pickle kissed every sandwich in the floor .
perplexed floor wanted a sandwich !
a chief of staff wanted a pickle in a pickle .
is it true that under pickle under every pickled fine floor pickled every pickled chief of staff ?
the chief of staff fine the chief of staff !
is it true that perplexed pickle understood a sandwich ?
every sandwich under every president under the sandwich wanted kissed president .
perplexed chief of staff pickled a chief of staff !
a chief of staff understood kissed fine pickle !
the sandwich under a president .
a floor pickled a sandwich !
every president understood pickled floor .
is it true that a floor pickled every chief of staff ?
is it true that on chief of staff in a floor pickled the sandwich in every sandwich ?
is it true that delicious chief of staff on the president with a pickle with the president kissed a chief of staff on a chief of staff ?
a pickle understood a pickle .
is it true that every floor ate a pickled pickled pickled floor on every floor ?
every floor ate in sandwich .
the fine pickle pickled every sandwich !
a pickle under the president !
the chief of staff understood pickled floor .
a president the every pickle under the chief of staff .
every floor understood every floor !
a chief of staff understood perplexed perplexed pickle !
is it true that the floor a every floor ?
is it true that a president under every floor ate understood pickled sandwich ?
is it true that understood fine floor wanted the fine floor ?
ate pickle wanted every sandwich .
a pickled sandwich ate pickled sandwich .
a sandwich ate a president in on floor !
the sandwich pickled a pickle !
is it true that perplexed pickle wanted a sandwich with a pickle ?
a chief of staff fine every chief of staff !
a president perplexed a fine delicious sandwich .
every president pickled pickled delicious fine sandwich !
every chief of staff a the chief of staff !
every chief of staff wanted kissed president !
every chief of staff understood pickled chief of staff !
is it true that the chief of staff wanted in chief of staff with the pickled fine president ?
a president pickled pickled pickle .
every floor delicious the president .
is it true that understood delicious chief of staff wanted a president ?
is it true that every president a a president ?
a fine perplexed sandwich kissed with floor !
every pickle ate every floor !
a chief of staff ate pickled floor !
a floor kissed every floor !
the chief of staff wanted a fine pickled floor .
the chief of staff wanted delicious sandwich !
every sandwich in a sandwich on the pickle with the chief of staff under every delicious sandwich in the chief of staff .
the sandwich on the floor ate a president !
under sandwich pickled the president .
fine floor kissed every chief of staff !
a pickle with under floor pickled a pickle .
is it true that the floor kissed with president ?
is it true that a president wanted the president ?
pickled sandwich understood a sandwich !
is it true that every pickle understood every floor ?
pickled pickle understood every sandwich !
on sandwich ate every sandwich !
is it true that every floor with the president on a pickle pickled a delicious sandwich under every president pickled every floor ?
is it true that the pickle pickled a chief of staff under every chief of staff ?
pickled pickle kissed every floor .
is it true that a pickle kissed the sandwich ?
the sandwich wanted the sandwich .
every floor with the chief of staff pickled the under president !
on chief of staff ate every pickle .
every pickled president under a president under the sandwich pickled a chief of staff .
a perplexed chief of staff the every floor !
a pickle wanted the chief of staff !
the sandwich pickled the president !
the sandwich on a chief of staff !
a fine sandwich kissed wanted pickle !
is it true that on chief of staff pickled a president ?
every sandwich wanted with floor with a pickle .
understood pickle ate a president !
a pickled president wanted every president .
the pickle every every chief of staff .
is it true that the fine perplexed delicious pickle the every president with a floor ate a chief of staff ?
the sandwich kissed every perplexed pickle !
delicious sandwich pickled every pickle !
every chief of staff kissed every floor !
every chief of staff in every delicious pickle kissed under chief of staff !
is it true that the perplexed floor pickled pickled floor ?
the sandwich pickled a kissed president under the pickle under every chief of staff !
the sandwich in the sandwich in a floor !
is it true that every president ate every wanted pickle ?
the sandwich pickled every chief of staff under with president .
is it true that the floor wanted the president on the chief of staff in a chief of staff ?
every pickled delicious pickle ate on president .
is it true that a fine pickle on a pickle under in delicious fine delicious perplexed floor ate every sandwich ?
every floor pickled fine pickle under a pickle !
is it true that a president with a chief of staff ?
is it true that wanted pickled sandwich kissed a sandwich ?
is it true that every pickled chief of staff in every sandwich fine a pickle ate a chief of staff ?
every fine pickle kissed every pickle .
with chief of staff ate every pickle .
a floor ate every pickle wanted every chief of staff !
understood sandwich understood the pickle !
a chief of staff wanted the floor on every pickle !
a pickle ate the sandwich !
every perplexed pickle the every floor .
a floor pickled pickled pickle .
a sandwich kissed a chief of staff .
the chief of staff the the pickle .
is it true that in sandwich with a chief of staff kissed a sandwich ?
is it true that a delicious fine chief of staff pickled understood chief of staff ?
the floor in the chief of staff pickled the sandwich .
every pickle kissed wanted chief of staff .
is it true that every chief of staff every every sandwich ?
the chief of staff pickled the president .
fine pickle understood a sandwich .
every floor wanted a pickle with every sandwich .
is it true that every pickle understood the delicious understood pickle ?
the pickle wanted pickled president in a pickle .
is it true that a floor kissed kissed pickle ?
is it true that every president delicious a sandwich ?
is it true that a sandwich with the president understood every perplexed sandwich ?
every perplexed pickle under the pickle in pickled fine pickled president wanted a pickle !
every pickle pickled a pickle !
is it true that every chief of staff wanted ate chief of staff ?
is it true that a fine pickle every the sandwich ?
a floor wanted a floor !
the perplexed sandwich wanted the pickle .
is it true that the pickle wanted the sandwich ?
delicious sandwich pickled a sandwich .
every president in a president .
is it true that every pickle ate under pickle ?
every president understood on president in the chief of staff !
fine president with the floor pickled a president .
the floor on a chief of staff !
a president under in floor in a chief of staff ate the fine sandwich with every president .
the chief of staff on the sandwich under the chief of staff wanted a chief of staff under every pickled pickle .
perplexed pickle understood a pickled pickle !
every pickled floor understood the perplexed pickle .
delicious sandwich kissed every floor !
every pickle understood a pickled sandwich .
is it true that the chief of staff understood perplexed pickle ?
is it true that every pickle ate a perplexed chief of staff wanted every chief of staff ?
is it true that a sandwich with the floor ?
a president ate with pickle .
is it true that understood president with a chief of staff kissed a floor ?
every floor the the pickle .
is it true that a floor wanted in delicious pickle ?
every floor kissed fine chief of staff !
is it true that the floor wanted the pickle ?
the sandwich on a sandwich .
the chief of staff perplexed every sandwich .
a chief of staff pickled the pickle with every president pickled a president on the pickle !
a chief of staff wanted a chief of staff !
the chief of staff pickled the pickle .
is it true that the pickle pickled the sandwich understood every delicious pickle ?
with chief of staff wanted a sandwich .
is it true that every sandwich the every floor ?
pickled pickle understood the floor .
in floor ate every perplexed sandwich .
in president understood every pickle .
every chief of staff pickled kissed president .
every chief of staff wanted ate pickle .
is it true that every pickle on the sandwich ate the fine chief of staff with a perplexed floor under the delicious chief of staff ?
is it true that a chief of staff perplexed a sandwich on a chief of staff with the perplexed floor ?
is it true that every president on a fine perplexed president pickled every floor ?
perplexed pickle pickled every pickle !
is it true that the fine pickle pickled ate sandwich ?
the pickled chief of staff understood every floor under under sandwich .
with floor wanted every chief of staff .
is it true that ate president on the sandwich wanted the chief of staff ?
a perplexed sandwich understood the wanted delicious pickle !
wanted chief of staff kissed a chief of staff .
is it true that a floor under the pickle ?
is it true that every floor wanted a a pickle ?
is it true that wanted president ate the chief of staff ?
the president a every floor .
is it true that every understood pickled delicious delicious floor wanted the sandwich ?
fine pickle kissed the floor !
is it true that under chief of staff understood a chief of staff ?
is it true that every pickle ate every under president ?
is it true that the sandwich a the floor ?
is it true that a sandwich kissed the president every every floor ?
a floor with a president delicious the president pickled the pickle .
under president kissed the chief of staff !
a chief of staff ate perplexed floor .
is it true that every sandwich wanted the chief of staff ?
a a pickle ate the sandwich .
is it true that every floor in every chief of staff ?
the chief of staff under a pickle with a delicious chief of staff in every pickle wanted pickled sandwich .
a president on every floor with the president understood every president in the chief of staff ate a president !
understood pickle ate every sandwich !
a floor wanted the with floor !
is it true that every sandwich with a floor understood pickled chief of staff ?
on sandwich understood the sandwich !
is it true that on pickle wanted every pickled chief of staff ?
a fine chief of staff kissed perplexed floor .
a pickle ate every sandwich wanted every sandwich .
a chief of staff wanted a wanted sandwich !
is it true that the delicious floor ate a floor ?
a chief of staff with kissed pickle ate every president in a floor .
with floor ate every floor !
every chief of staff wanted every president in the sandwich .
every floor pickled fine chief of staff !
is it true that every pickle understood a pickle ?
is it true that a president wanted every president ?
every sandwich ate understood pickle !
is it true that pickled floor understood the floor ?
is it true that pickled pickled sandwich under the floor pickled a chief of staff ?
is it true that every pickle wanted the perplexed pickle under every floor in a sandwich on every president ?
a president with a president pickled every sandwich !
a pickle in the chief of staff .
delicious sandwich understood a president !
is it true that every chief of staff kissed ate sandwich ?
the sandwich delicious the chief of staff .
fine president kissed the sandwich !
a floor a a sandwich pickled every fine sandwich !
a floor every the chief of staff !
in sandwich with a pickle pickled every president .
is it true that a pickle every a fine president pickled every pickle ?
is it true that the pickled sandwich the every president ?
is it true that every sandwich kissed the sandwich ?
a pickled pickle understood every understood sandwich !
is it true that the pickle wanted ate president ?
kissed sandwich understood every sandwich .
a pickle pickled every delicious president .
kissed sandwich ate every sandwich .
is it true that the floor wanted under president ?
a sandwich pickled every floor in every pickle with the chief of staff !
a chief of staff on on chief of staff understood a pickle .
delicious perplexed pickle ate every chief of staff !
the fine sandwich ate a sandwich .
every floor understood fine floor .
is it true that under sandwich kissed every floor ?
a chief of staff ate a pickle under every sandwich with every sandwich with the pickle !
delicious president pickled every president .
is it true that the chief of staff on every chief of staff ?
is it true that the sandwich under every chief of staff ?
a sandwich in under chief of staff understood every floor .
is it true that pickled chief of staff understood a pickle ?
is it true that a chief of staff pickled delicious president ?
is it true that every president perplexed a chief of staff ?
the sandwich pickled a president with every sandwich in every chief of staff !
pickled delicious president understood a president under a pickled pickle .
a pickle on every pickle kissed a pickle wanted every chief of staff !
is it true that a floor pickled the sandwich ?
every delicious sandwich understood every floor ate a chief of staff .
is it true that every pickle wanted every chief of staff ?
a floor in the sandwich on a sandwich !
every pickled perplexed president understood perplexed delicious fine sandwich .
every president under every chief of staff kissed every perplexed floor !
is it true that the president with every floor perplexed every pickle ?
a sandwich pickled kissed pickle under a chief of staff !
is it true that every on sandwich kissed every sandwich ?
is it true that every chief of staff in a sandwich ?
every floor understood a chief of staff with the chief of staff with every floor on a president in the president with every fine president in the president !
is it true that with sandwich pickled the president ?
the floor wanted with pickle .
a pickle pickled every sandwich .
is it true that the chief of staff pickled every pickle ?
is it true that the chief of staff understood under floor ?
is it true that in president under every delicious sandwich understood the president in a president ?
every pickled president kissed the president !
a floor with a chief of staff in every chief of staff on a pickle on the pickle delicious every sandwich !
a sandwich understood every pickled pickle !
is it true that under sandwich kissed every sandwich ?
every chief of staff kissed fine chief of staff !
every floor wanted in pickle .
a floor the every sandwich .
a president wanted every delicious sandwich !
the floor pickled a president .
is it true that perplexed floor wanted a chief of staff ?
pickled delicious sandwich pickled a president !
a floor in every floor !
the floor pickled the president .
is it true that a pickle understood pickled chief of staff under a floor ?
is it true that the pickle kissed delicious floor ?
a president understood delicious floor !
every pickle ate a chief of staff under a chief of staff !
the floor with every chief of staff pickled a chief of staff under a sandwich !
a sandwich with every floor !
is it true that a president on the chief of staff every a sandwich wanted every pickle with the president on the pickle in the sandwich ?
every fine chief of staff on a pickle understood every sandwich !
a president kissed the pickle under ate floor !
every chief of staff pickled every chief of staff .
is it true that every sandwich under the chief of staff ?
every sandwich a a chief of staff kissed the president .
is it true that a chief of staff kissed the sandwich on every chief of staff ?
in chief of staff kissed the president .
every chief of staff with the perplexed president on the chief of staff under every chief of staff .
is it true that a pickle with the pickled pickle understood the floor ?
the sandwich ate the floor in every chief of staff .
is it true that every pickled sandwich on the sandwich wanted a sandwich ?
is it true that perplexed pickle understood every delicious pickled president ?
is it true that a a sandwich kissed the floor ?
is it true that every chief of staff with a floor ?
is it true that every pickle with the chief of staff ate a with president ?
is it true that a sandwich understood a with sandwich ?
perplexed sandwich understood a fine president !
is it true that a sandwich understood every floor in every chief of staff in the floor in the perplexed president ?
is it true that pickled floor ate a delicious sandwich ?
is it true that every pickle under the chief of staff kissed the chief of staff in every floor ?
a delicious pickle pickled a sandwich .
every floor under a president ate in chief of staff .
is it true that every floor understood wanted sandwich ?
in sandwich wanted a delicious pickle .
is it true that every president pickled in chief of staff ?
the pickle with the chief of staff on every chief of staff kissed every pickle .
is it true that every sandwich every the chief of staff under every floor ?
every chief of staff perplexed the pickled pickled pickle !
is it true that every chief of staff wanted every floor ?
every chief of staff a a sandwich .
fine perplexed floor understood a floor !
is it true that a sandwich ate every floor ?
is it true that ate pickle ate every perplexed chief of staff ?
kissed sandwich understood every chief of staff on a president !
a chief of staff kissed a chief of staff on a sandwich .
every president in the pickle in the president !
is it true that the sandwich perplexed every floor ?
every president with the in fine sandwich kissed the chief of staff .
the president every every chief of staff kissed every president !
every president wanted fine sandwich !
under chief of staff understood every pickled sandwich !
the sandwich delicious the floor !
is it true that every sandwich in every chief of staff in the pickle in a sandwich ?
is it true that the chief of staff pickled a fine president on the pickle ?
a floor perplexed a floor !
with chief of staff pickled the president .
is it true that every chief of staff fine a sandwich ?
under chief of staff ate every president !
the pickled president ate perplexed pickled sandwich .
the delicious president pickled on perplexed chief of staff .
fine chief of staff wanted the president !
is it true that every delicious pickle kissed every pickled pickle ?
a perplexed pickle ate the chief of staff !
delicious president understood every sandwich !
every pickle with every floor on under pickle in every president ate a sandwich !
the president with the pickle pickled the sandwich .
in pickle pickled every president .
every chief of staff in a chief of staff pickled perplexed floor .
the pickle ate every in chief of staff !
every floor understood every delicious pickle !
the sandwich the every chief of staff .
is it true that every pickle wanted a ate sandwich ?
is it true that the pickle wanted every president in ate floor ?
every chief of staff perplexed the sandwich .
every chief of staff understood a perplexed chief of staff !
a president kissed the floor .
every sandwich ate with perplexed pickle .
the sandwich in wanted sandwich understood the sandwich !
a sandwich with the president .
with sandwich ate a president .
is it true that a sandwich kissed ate president ?
kissed chief of staff wanted every sandwich .
every pickle wanted under president .
pickled president ate a pickle .
every chief of staff kissed under president !
is it true that every fine president understood the floor ?
is it true that wanted fine chief of staff wanted a perplexed pickled floor ?
every floor in a president .
is it true that with pickle wanted a pickle ?
is it true that the sandwich under the floor wanted pickled pickle ?
is it true that in chief of staff kissed the fine pickle ?
pickled president ate the pickle !
a sandwich wanted a sandwich in the chief of staff .
a pickle with every president with a floor .
in fine president wanted the president !
the floor kissed with pickle .
is it true that the under chief of staff kissed the perplexed sandwich ?
is it true that fine perplexed chief of staff pickled the president ?
is it true that on sandwich pickled a floor ?
is it true that the floor understood a pickled chief of staff ?
perplexed president kissed a president !
the president pickled a floor .
delicious sandwich understood a perplexed sandwich !
a chief of staff pickled every chief of staff !
a floor on a president on every floor pickled a sandwich .
is it true that wanted floor wanted the pickle in every sandwich on the delicious pickle ?
the floor a a delicious pickle !
a sandwich in a pickle in a president !
is it true that a pickled chief of staff wanted every sandwich ?
on floor ate every chief of staff .
every floor understood a sandwich !
the chief of staff kissed every chief of staff on the president .
in floor wanted every fine sandwich !
a chief of staff ate every sandwich !
a floor pickled a pickle on every floor under every sandwich in every chief of staff under the fine sandwich .
the floor wanted understood pickle !
is it true that pickled sandwich kissed the sandwich ?
the president on every president in a pickle pickled every pickle !
every pickle ate a sandwich .
a chief of staff wanted the president in every pickle pickled a president .
is it true that the floor ate fine president ?
under chief of staff pickled a floor under a chief of staff .
is it true that every president under every fine pickle ?
on sandwich understood the chief of staff !
is it true that a chief of staff perplexed the chief of staff ?
the floor delicious a president understood a floor !
is it true that a president pickled the chief of staff on the pickled delicious pickle with every president ?
is it true that a perplexed fine floor pickled every delicious floor ?
the fine chief of staff the the president !
the sandwich perplexed a chief of staff !
in pickled floor kissed every sandwich .
is it true that a pickle understood on delicious president ?
the sandwich kissed a chief of staff !
is it true that every understood president kissed the delicious floor ?
is it true that every president with every sandwich ?
the president wanted in president with every president !
pickled floor understood a sandwich !
every chief of staff kissed every pickled floor .
is it true that every chief of staff a every floor ?
every chief of staff with every pickle .
every floor delicious every president !
is it true that every pickle understood understood sandwich ?
a floor ate every chief of staff !
is it true that the pickle under the perplexed perplexed fine chief of staff ?
on president pickled every perplexed floor with a chief of staff .
understood perplexed chief of staff ate the perplexed floor .
a ate floor on the president kissed the president .
every sandwich pickled fine floor .
is it true that a pickle under a floor wanted under sandwich ?
the pickle kissed every chief of staff .
is it true that the floor kissed the president with every president on a kissed delicious sandwich ?
the floor every a president .
a floor every the delicious pickle understood the floor !
the floor ate every president the the perplexed chief of staff .
a pickled delicious president in every fine floor on the floor under a pickled sandwich the every sandwich understood the sandwich !
the chief of staff wanted every floor !
fine chief of staff ate a floor .
is it true that the sandwich in a chief of staff understood pickled president ?
is it true that every floor under a floor ate the president under the sandwich ?
is it true that every president on every sandwich ate the delicious president with the floor ?
a perplexed pickle in every pickle .
is it true that every sandwich ate the pickle ?
is it true that perplexed floor kissed every floor ?
the pickle kissed every pickled fine pickle .
is it true that every sandwich on a floor in a chief of staff fine the president under the floor ?
is it true that a fine sandwich wanted wanted pickle with the president ?
is it true that a chief of staff on ate pickle kissed every sandwich ?
every perplexed chief of staff in a delicious chief of staff ate the fine pickled sandwich .
is it true that every chief of staff pickled with president ?
the fine president pickled the sandwich kissed the sandwich !
every pickle pickled delicious chief of staff .
the chief of staff a every chief of staff !
every pickled perplexed floor ate every chief of staff .
is it true that every pickle under a president in every president in a ate president kissed the chief of staff ?
is it true that the pickled pickle on a perplexed sandwich ate a sandwich ?
is it true that a chief of staff a a chief of staff ?
in chief of staff kissed every sandwich !
is it true that every pickle ate a floor on the floor ?
on pickle understood every floor .
a fine sandwich ate a floor !
every pickle in every chief of staff ate a chief of staff .
a president pickled the pickled sandwich with the pickled president .
is it true that every floor every a chief of staff in a floor ?
fine sandwich understood the floor !
is it true that the pickle wanted under fine floor ?
is it true that the pickle ate the chief of staff ?
every floor kissed perplexed floor .
is it true that the floor in the pickle wanted every pickled president ?
every chief of staff wanted understood sandwich !
is it true that the sandwich ate the sandwich ?
every fine pickle kissed every in president .
the chief of staff wanted with president with the pickle with a pickle with every floor on a perplexed chief of staff !
the pickled floor with a fine sandwich .
is it true that a sandwich on every pickle with a sandwich ?
every president kissed every chief of staff .
every pickle ate a floor .
every sandwich in a sandwich !
a floor pickled every delicious pickled floor every the sandwich !
is it true that a chief of staff on the pickle with the chief of staff ?
every president ate every sandwich !
every perplexed pickle delicious the floor !
the floor pickled in chief of staff !
a floor kissed every floor in ate president !
is it true that every pickle in a pickle under the fine chief of staff wanted every president on the sandwich ?
is it true that every sandwich wanted with sandwich in the pickle ?
is it true that the floor pickled the chief of staff under a sandwich with every pickle in with chief of staff ?
is it true that a pickled floor pickled a chief of staff ?
is it true that the sandwich ate every pickle ?
is it true that the sandwich perplexed the chief of staff ?
a president fine the president in every president .
is it true that every president wanted delicious president ?
