every sandwich with on president on a chief of staff pickled the delicious president . NG
is it true that a floor understood the delicious sandwich ? GR
every pickled floor in every pickled chief of staff ate a sandwich ! GR
a president in every floor kissed a chief of staff . GR
the floor the every pickle . NG
is it true that the fine pickle pickled a chief of staff ? NG
in pickle wanted the pickle ! NG
is it true that a floor wanted the pickled floor ? GR
every pickle understood the president ! GR
every chief of staff pickled the floor with the sandwich with the perplexed fine delicious pickle under the floor ! GR
the chief of staff the the floor . NG
every president understood every pickle ! GR
is it true that a pickle with the sandwich ? NG
a sandwich wanted a sandwich with every pickled floor ! GR
every delicious chief of staff ate a floor ! GR
is it true that the sandwich kissed in sandwich ? NG
every perplexed pickled perplexed floor kissed delicious chief of staff ! NG
wanted pickle ate a pickle ! NG
the perplexed pickle on the pickle on every floor pickled the sandwich under the floor ! GR
every floor pickled a perplexed chief of staff . NG
pickled president kissed a chief of staff ! NG
a president perplexed every chief of staff . NG
every delicious sandwich understood the president . GR
is it true that a floor with a pickle ate the sandwich ? GR
perplexed president kissed a president under every sandwich . NG
a fine floor wanted every chief of staff . GR
the sandwich understood the fine floor ! GR
is it true that the pickle under a president ? NG
every chief of staff on the pickle ate pickled sandwich . NG
a floor kissed every floor . GR
the sandwich ate every pickle ! NG
every chief of staff kissed pickled chief of staff ! NG
pickled fine president pickled a fine chief of staff . NG
a president perplexed the president . NG
the on president ate a pickle . NG
every perplexed pickle understood the president . GR
is it true that the pickle wanted perplexed sandwich ? NG
every floor the a president ! NG
the president understood a chief of staff ! GR
the chief of staff wanted every sandwich ! GR
is it true that every delicious chief of staff with every pickle understood the chief of staff ? GR
in floor ate a sandwich ! NG
every chief of staff perplexed a pickle ! NG
is it true that every sandwich kissed a chief of staff ? NG
is it true that wanted floor with a pickle ate the sandwich ? NG
is it true that a floor kissed the sandwich in the sandwich on every chief of staff ? GR
every chief of staff on a floor wanted a pickled sandwich . NG
is it true that the floor under the floor ate every floor wanted a pickle ? NG
every pickle wanted a sandwich . GR
the pickle kissed a floor . GR
a president ate the chief of staff . GR
the chief of staff ate a floor ! GR
a floor the every chief of staff ! NG
a chief of staff pickled the sandwich . GR
every pickle wanted the floor . NG
is it true that wanted chief of staff ate every perplexed pickle ? NG
a floor in the pickle understood on floor ! NG
ate pickle kissed a chief of staff ! NG
every fine chief of staff wanted every perplexed sandwich . GR
a fine president under the president wanted every pickle . NG
is it true that the president ate every floor ? GR
a sandwich understood every floor ! GR
is it true that every pickle kissed a president ? GR
is it true that the delicious president wanted every president ? NG
on president ate every sandwich ! NG
is it true that a pickle pickled the floor ? GR
every floor ate every floor ! GR
the chief of staff fine the president . NG
is it true that a floor pickled every sandwich with a chief of staff under a delicious president in the perplexed fine chief of staff ? GR
a floor wanted a fine sandwich with the sandwich . GR
is it true that every pickle understood every delicious chief of staff ? GR
a pickle understood every president . GR
is it true that the pickle in the chief of staff ? NG
the sandwich understood every sandwich . GR
the sandwich ate the pickle . GR
is it true that the chief of staff kissed every chief of staff ? NG
is it true that a president under the president wanted the chief of staff ? GR
the pickle kissed fine president ! NG
is it true that the president wanted every pickle ? GR
is it true that every president kissed the fine president ? GR
every sandwich on a president wanted every president . GR
every sandwich with the president on a chief of staff pickled the delicious president . GR
a fine delicious floor kissed every sandwich under the sandwich ! GR
is it true that understood floor ate a pickle ? NG
a floor pickled under sandwich ! NG
the pickle kissed the floor . GR
under sandwich under the pickle wanted every president . NG
the sandwich pickled a pickle ! NG
pickled sandwich on every chief of staff kissed a chief of staff . NG
a pickle kissed a pickle ! GR
every floor wanted a president ! GR
is it true that every perplexed floor understood every perplexed chief of staff under the chief of staff ? GR
a chief of staff a the sandwich . NG
with chief of staff understood a president . NG
is it true that the chief of staff pickled a pickle ? GR
is it true that a pickle with a chief of staff with with chief of staff wanted a president ? NG
every chief of staff kissed every floor . NG
a chief of staff ate every chief of staff ! NG
the sandwich kissed a president . GR
every sandwich in every president with every floor ate with pickle ! NG
is it true that the floor pickled a sandwich ? GR
is it true that the chief of staff ate the sandwich ate every president ? NG
a pickle ate the floor . GR
is it true that ate pickle wanted every sandwich ? NG
the sandwich kissed the fine floor ! GR
every president pickled every pickle . GR
the sandwich fine every president . NG
is it true that a sandwich ate every pickle ? GR
the chief of staff on the sandwich wanted the chief of staff ! GR
ate chief of staff wanted a pickle . NG
a delicious pickle understood every president ! GR
a fine floor pickled ate chief of staff ! NG
is it true that pickled president kissed every floor ? NG
a perplexed delicious chief of staff understood a fine floor . GR
every pickle understood the pickled floor . GR
every pickled sandwich understood in president on a chief of staff on the pickle . NG
the president understood a sandwich ! GR
is it true that a delicious sandwich understood the president on the pickle ? GR
pickled pickle understood every floor . NG
a floor on the chief of staff . NG
a pickle kissed the pickle ! GR
the chief of staff pickled the chief of staff ! NG
a floor wanted a floor ! NG
is it true that wanted chief of staff understood a chief of staff ? NG
is it true that every delicious chief of staff with every pickle fine the chief of staff ? NG
a chief of staff pickled the chief of staff ! GR
every pickle pickled understood delicious delicious chief of staff . NG
the chief of staff with the chief of staff . NG
is it true that a sandwich understood a with floor ? NG
is it true that the pickle pickled every pickled floor ? GR
is it true that a sandwich ate every floor ? GR
every chief of staff understood every floor . GR
the floor ate every floor . NG
the perplexed sandwich understood every sandwich on the sandwich . GR
is it true that pickled floor kissed the pickled floor ? NG
a sandwich wanted a sandwich wanted every pickled floor ! NG
the president pickled every pickle ! GR
the chief of staff understood the president with the chief of staff the every floor on every president . NG
is it true that every chief of staff pickled a floor ? GR
every sandwich wanted a pickled sandwich ! NG
is it true that pickled sandwich pickled every president ? NG
is it true that every floor ate a floor ? GR
is it true that the perplexed president with the sandwich ate a chief of staff ? GR
a president wanted every chief of staff . GR
a fine pickle under every fine pickle under every president kissed the pickle . GR
a fine sandwich wanted the fine delicious fine pickle on the president on the floor ! GR
a sandwich pickled a pickle . GR
is it true that a floor on every chief of staff understood on sandwich ? NG
a president ate the fine chief of staff ! GR
the pickled chief of staff wanted the chief of staff on a floor on the sandwich with delicious president ! NG
every floor understood the perplexed president in the sandwich in the president in the pickled chief of staff . GR
delicious chief of staff understood a chief of staff ! NG
is it true that a sandwich pickled every pickle ? NG
the sandwich on the pickled pickle pickled every sandwich . GR
every chief of staff on every president on every president kissed the chief of staff . GR
a pickle kissed in pickle ! NG
the president pickled a chief of staff ! NG
the pickle on the chief of staff ate every president under the president . GR
every delicious president kissed the understood fine chief of staff ! NG
is it true that a sandwich in the sandwich pickled under floor under a floor with every chief of staff ? NG
is it true that a sandwich pickled a fine pickle ? GR
a pickle kissed the pickle . GR
is it true that a president pickled every sandwich under the pickle with the president ? GR
every president pickled every president . GR
the delicious perplexed president understood the floor . GR
every chief of staff in the chief of staff understood pickled chief of staff . NG
is it true that a floor understood every floor ? GR
is it true that a floor on every chief of staff understood the sandwich ? GR
is it true that a floor under a fine sandwich ? NG
is it true that the president under a sandwich understood a floor ? GR
the perplexed pickle on every pickle on every floor pickled the sandwich under the floor ! NG
is it true that the chief of staff the the pickle ? NG
a sandwich pickled a floor ! NG
is it true that wanted president wanted the chief of staff ? NG
every pickle understood on floor ! NG
a president kissed every floor under a chief of staff on every chief of staff ! GR
the delicious floor understood every chief of staff ! GR
is it true that a pickle ate every perplexed president ? GR
the perplexed sandwich understood every chief of staff ! GR
a sandwich ate a president ! GR
is it true that every chief of staff pickled every president ? GR
the pickle ate the president in the pickled floor with the floor under a sandwich ! GR
every chief of staff understood a floor . NG
is it true that wanted pickle kissed a floor ? NG
is it true that the pickle pickled a president ? GR
every delicious sandwich fine the president . NG
is it true that a chief of staff pickled every president ? GR
is it true that a delicious chief of staff on every sandwich wanted the president with a delicious sandwich under a sandwich ? GR
is it true that a sandwich understood a sandwich ? GR
is it true that on president kissed a chief of staff ? NG
every under pickle kissed a chief of staff . NG
a chief of staff in the sandwich understood a floor a every chief of staff ! NG
every president pickled the floor . GR
in president understood every pickle ! NG
is it true that every floor understood every sandwich ? NG
a pickle pickled a sandwich with kissed pickle ! NG
every sandwich wanted the pickled sandwich ! GR
the president wanted the chief of staff ! GR
every sandwich wanted a floor . GR
is it true that a floor in the sandwich pickled every sandwich ? NG
pickled sandwich kissed every president . NG
the fine floor a the pickle ! NG
the floor kissed the fine pickle . GR
is it true that the perplexed pickle ate a chief of staff ? GR
the president kissed a pickled pickle under a president ! GR
is it true that a pickle understood understood pickled president ? NG
the president wanted every president . GR
every floor understood the floor . GR
the sandwich pickled every president ! GR
the chief of staff understood the floor ! GR
is it true that the sandwich understood the sandwich ? NG
is it true that the sandwich ate the sandwich ? GR
every perplexed pickled perplexed floor kissed the chief of staff ! GR
is it true that the sandwich kissed the fine chief of staff ? GR
is it true that every pickle pickled a pickled pickled sandwich ? GR
every floor under the pickle ate fine floor ! NG
the floor with a chief of staff under every floor kissed a floor . GR
is it true that wanted president pickled the perplexed pickle ? NG
every pickle with a perplexed pickle wanted a fine floor . NG
is it true that every sandwich on every floor in every chief of staff kissed a floor ? NG
a chief of staff wanted the floor under the fine pickle ! NG
is it true that the president pickled every pickle ? NG
is it true that a pickle kissed perplexed president ? NG
every pickle wanted the floor . GR
is it true that kissed president wanted every president ? NG
under president kissed the pickle . NG
every president with the pickle in the sandwich on every pickled sandwich on a perplexed sandwich . NG
is it true that a delicious president wanted every president ? GR
a chief of staff understood pickled pickle . NG
the sandwich pickled a chief of staff ! GR
every president in every chief of staff wanted kissed chief of staff ! NG
a president under the president wanted the president ! GR
a floor ate a president ! GR
every delicious perplexed pickled chief of staff in every chief of staff wanted under chief of staff ! NG
is it true that a pickle on the floor understood every president ? GR
a floor wanted every floor understood a pickle . NG
a floor every a pickle . NG
is it true that every floor pickled every pickle ? GR
every delicious president pickled delicious floor . NG
is it true that in floor wanted the sandwich ? NG
is it true that every floor kissed the president ? GR
delicious chief of staff wanted every chief of staff . NG
a on sandwich wanted the fine delicious fine pickle on the president on the floor ! NG
a floor a every floor ! NG
the chief of staff kissed every president ! GR
is it true that every pickle understood a pickle ? GR
under president ate a pickle . NG
every chief of staff understood the under chief of staff ! NG
a sandwich on the floor wanted every floor . GR
a president ate every sandwich ! GR
the pickle kissed the president ! GR
a floor kissed every sandwich ! GR
a floor understood the floor ! GR
every sandwich perplexed every president wanted every floor . NG
the sandwich kissed pickled fine chief of staff . NG
a floor pickled every president ! GR
is it true that a delicious pickle kissed the delicious fine president ? GR
the chief of staff kissed a pickle on a pickle . GR
a president ate every sandwich ! GR
a pickle understood a president . GR
the chief of staff in every sandwich ! NG
is it true that understood pickle understood a sandwich ? NG
is it true that every president the the sandwich ? NG
a sandwich understood the chief of staff . NG
is it true that every chief of staff kissed every president ? NG
the sandwich understood the chief of staff . GR
is it true that a pickle pickled every pickle ? GR
is it true that the floor understood pickled floor ? NG
in delicious president kissed a president . NG
the fine chief of staff ate the chief of staff . NG
the delicious chief of staff understood a sandwich . GR
a floor kissed a president ! GR
a fine pickle ate wanted chief of staff ! NG
is it true that the floor every the sandwich ? NG
the floor ate the floor . GR
every sandwich pickled a chief of staff ! NG
a floor under the pickled chief of staff understood every president ! GR
is it true that every president understood a pickled chief of staff ? GR
the fine sandwich ate the delicious floor ! GR
a president pickled wanted floor . NG
a delicious sandwich kissed the president . GR
every chief of staff ate every floor . GR
is it true that the chief of staff wanted a pickle ? NG
the floor in the president ate the delicious fine floor under every fine pickle ! GR
every pickle pickled a sandwich . NG
the chief of staff understood every sandwich ! GR
is it true that the pickle ate perplexed president ? NG
the sandwich pickled the sandwich . GR
the sandwich in the pickled pickle kissed every sandwich ! GR
a pickle ate a pickle ! GR
every sandwich pickled wanted president ! NG
the chief of staff wanted a chief of staff under the sandwich ! GR
the sandwich in kissed pickled pickle kissed every sandwich ! NG
a sandwich wanted the pickle on every delicious delicious fine floor . NG
is it true that the floor in the floor pickled every chief of staff ? GR
the chief of staff kissed a floor under every chief of staff in every chief of staff ! GR
every chief of staff in the chief of staff understood a chief of staff . GR
is it true that a president kissed every floor ? GR
the sandwich understood the president . NG
kissed chief of staff on the pickle kissed a chief of staff . NG
is it true that a sandwich with every pickle on every president kissed every pickled delicious sandwich ? GR
is it true that the president wanted every chief of staff ? GR
every floor understood the chief of staff ate the floor . NG
is it true that a floor delicious the delicious sandwich ? NG
the sandwich wanted every pickle . GR
is it true that every perplexed sandwich under every president pickled the floor ? GR
the pickled chief of staff ate the chief of staff under the sandwich ! NG
a chief of staff ate with chief of staff . NG
a floor ate every chief of staff ! GR
every chief of staff ate ate chief of staff ! NG
is it true that every chief of staff kissed every delicious floor ? GR
every delicious sandwich pickled a fine fine chief of staff ! GR
is it true that the sandwich kissed kissed chief of staff ? NG
every sandwich in every pickled pickle with every pickle wanted the perplexed pickled floor . NG
a pickle delicious the president . NG
every president kissed the floor under the chief of staff . NG
the sandwich understood a president ! GR
kissed floor kissed a president ! NG
a floor wanted ate floor on a pickle ! NG
is it true that under floor wanted the floor ? NG
every chief of staff kissed every floor on a fine pickle with the chief of staff in a floor on a floor under the president . GR
every president understood in pickle ! NG
every president understood the pickled delicious sandwich . GR
a president the the chief of staff with every floor . NG
every chief of staff pickled a president on the floor with every pickle ! GR
a president wanted a pickle . GR
the sandwich kissed the pickle ! NG
is it true that the president wanted the on pickle ? NG
is it true that a floor kissed the president ? GR
every chief of staff kissed every pickle . GR
is it true that every pickle understood a sandwich ? GR
a pickle pickled a president ! GR
is it true that a sandwich pickled pickled fine pickle ? NG
the sandwich pickled a fine president ! GR
is it true that every president wanted every president ? GR
the perplexed ate president pickled every pickled chief of staff . NG
the delicious pickled president understood a pickle ! GR
is it true that the floor understood the pickle ? GR
under perplexed floor ate every pickle ! NG
a chief of staff wanted the floor under the fine pickle ! GR
is it true that every floor ate a sandwich ? GR
the chief of staff understood a chief of staff ! GR
on fine chief of staff understood every president . NG
every fine sandwich wanted a chief of staff under a floor ! NG
the floor pickled the floor ! GR
every perplexed floor ate every pickle ! GR
is it true that the pickle kissed the pickle ? GR
the pickle kissed the perplexed floor ! GR
is it true that a sandwich wanted every chief of staff perplexed the perplexed pickle ? NG
is it true that a pickle with a president on every president a every pickle ? NG
every floor pickled a perplexed chief of staff . GR
is it true that every president wanted kissed chief of staff ? NG
every chief of staff pickled with chief of staff . NG
a floor wanted a floor . GR
a pickle wanted every chief of staff ate a sandwich . NG
is it true that the floor kissed the pickled floor ? GR
is it true that a pickle pickled fine pickle on a president on a sandwich ? NG
is it true that the perplexed sandwich ate the floor ate the president with every floor ? NG
is it true that every pickle ate every president ? GR
every chief of staff ate the chief of staff . GR
understood president pickled the sandwich ! NG
is it true that the chief of staff ate the floor ? GR
every floor ate the pickle . GR
the sandwich pickled a pickle . GR
is it true that every sandwich understood pickled sandwich ? NG
the president pickled a floor ! GR
every president wanted every sandwich ! NG
ate delicious chief of staff ate a floor ! NG
the chief of staff pickled a sandwich . GR
a floor ate the chief of staff . NG
is it true that every floor ate pickled chief of staff ? NG
a sandwich pickled delicious president ! NG
the chief of staff in a sandwich . NG
the chief of staff ate the president ate a floor under every president with a president ! NG
is it true that every delicious pickle pickled the floor ? GR
is it true that a sandwich kissed a floor ? GR
a chief of staff wanted the chief of staff . GR
is it true that the pickle wanted a floor ? GR
the sandwich kissed a president in a chief of staff ! GR
is it true that every sandwich on every floor ate pickled sandwich ? NG
the president understood the pickle with pickled floor with a sandwich . NG
is it true that every sandwich kissed the sandwich ? GR
the chief of staff ate delicious chief of staff . NG
the pickle ate a perplexed chief of staff . GR
the chief of staff delicious the sandwich ! NG
is it true that the president ate every president ? GR
every pickle ate every sandwich kissed the pickle ! NG
on delicious floor understood every chief of staff ! NG
is it true that every chief of staff wanted pickled president ? NG
the pickle in every pickle ! NG
is it true that the floor in the floor pickled perplexed chief of staff ? NG
is it true that the perplexed chief of staff kissed the chief of staff ? GR
is it true that every chief of staff wanted a president ? GR
every president ate a chief of staff ! GR
every floor fine every pickle ! NG
every pickle understood the sandwich on a sandwich . GR
the chief of staff ate the chief of staff . GR
is it true that the chief of staff ate every pickle ? GR
the chief of staff understood a delicious sandwich . GR
is it true that the floor pickled a delicious floor ? GR
every floor wanted a president ! GR
every sandwich wanted a pickle in the sandwich ! GR
every pickle in a chief of staff kissed the sandwich ! GR
is it true that kissed floor wanted every president ? NG
a pickle on every pickle pickled every sandwich ! GR
pickled sandwich wanted a fine sandwich . NG
a chief of staff in the sandwich understood a floor under every chief of staff ! GR
is it true that a pickle kissed every president ? GR
a delicious chief of staff the a floor ! NG
is it true that the president in every chief of staff kissed a chief of staff ? GR
is it true that every chief of staff pickled the chief of staff ? GR
a president ate a pickle . NG
the president understood a sandwich . GR
the floor understood every delicious president on every pickle under the president in the floor with a chief of staff on every chief of staff in every floor ! GR
a president pickled kissed sandwich ! NG
every sandwich ate the floor ! GR
a sandwich kissed a delicious chief of staff ! GR
is it true that the president ate every president ? GR
is it true that delicious chief of staff ate every chief of staff ? NG
every chief of staff understood a president . GR
is it true that the delicious sandwich ate the pickle delicious every floor on every fine chief of staff on every president on a pickle ? NG
the president in a floor kissed every pickle . GR
is it true that a sandwich under with chief of staff kissed the pickle ? NG
a sandwich pickled the chief of staff pickled every sandwich ! NG
is it true that a pickle wanted the president ? GR
under president understood the chief of staff ! NG
every delicious sandwich on every floor wanted every sandwich in every president ! NG
a chief of staff wanted the pickled president ! GR
a chief of staff pickled the fine president ! NG
a pickle kissed a chief of staff ! GR
is it true that every president wanted the chief of staff ? GR
pickled pickle understood the pickle in the perplexed pickle ! NG
every fine chief of staff in every president ate every chief of staff in every president with the sandwich . NG
every floor with every floor pickled every pickle on the perplexed sandwich ! GR
is it true that every president wanted a sandwich ? GR
every chief of staff kissed a pickle ! GR
a president ate the sandwich . GR
every pickle kissed delicious president . NG
is it true that every pickle in the president in on chief of staff understood every pickled floor ? NG
is it true that every sandwich pickled the sandwich on a ate perplexed pickled sandwich ? NG
every sandwich ate every pickle ! GR
the fine perplexed floor in a pickle under the fine understood pickle understood a floor ! NG
a perplexed chief of staff ate the chief of staff ! GR
every pickled floor kissed a president . GR
perplexed floor wanted a floor . NG
a floor understood a pickle under a sandwich . GR
the pickle pickled a chief of staff . GR
is it true that a pickle with a chief of staff with a chief of staff wanted a president ? GR
a chief of staff ate the sandwich . GR
is it true that the pickle kissed a pickle ? GR
is it true that the president ate every floor in a floor ? NG
is it true that every floor understood every sandwich ? GR
is it true that a pickle ate a chief of staff ? GR
a fine floor pickled the chief of staff ! GR
is it true that a president ate the floor ? GR
is it true that the sandwich with the president ate every pickle ? GR
every fine delicious chief of staff pickled every chief of staff ! GR
a pickle understood the sandwich ! GR
every president on a chief of staff wanted every chief of staff . GR
is it true that on chief of staff kissed the president with the president ? NG
is it true that a floor pickled every president ? GR
the chief of staff kissed the president . GR
every chief of staff kissed the chief of staff ! GR
a delicious pickled perplexed sandwich pickled a fine pickle ! GR
the chief of staff ate the perplexed pickled sandwich ! GR
every sandwich ate the fine pickle on every sandwich ! GR
a sandwich understood the floor ! NG
is it true that a floor every a pickle ? NG
every sandwich understood the chief of staff . NG
a pickle wanted the sandwich ! GR
is it true that the sandwich kissed the pickled sandwich ? GR
is it true that every pickle the a president ? NG
fine chief of staff ate every fine chief of staff ! NG
the delicious perplexed president under the floor . NG
the fine floor pickled every chief of staff . NG
a fine chief of staff ate every sandwich ! GR
every sandwich pickled a chief of staff . GR
the fine pickled floor wanted every sandwich ! NG
is it true that the president with a chief of staff fine the perplexed floor under every pickled delicious president pickled every president ? NG
is it true that a president pickled a sandwich ? NG
is it true that pickled pickled pickle pickled a pickle ? NG
with sandwich under every fine sandwich with the delicious pickle understood the chief of staff . NG
every floor understood the chief of staff under the floor . GR
is it true that perplexed president ate a chief of staff ? NG
is it true that fine perplexed president pickled every pickle ? NG
is it true that every floor kissed every chief of staff ? NG
every president kissed the floor ! NG
the pickled chief of staff wanted the chief of staff on a floor on the sandwich with a president ! GR
is it true that a president under a floor understood the chief of staff ? GR
the chief of staff perplexed the sandwich . NG
is it true that the floor kissed the the sandwich ? NG
the pickle kissed the chief of staff ! GR
the chief of staff fine every president ! NG
the sandwich under a president under every pickle with the president pickled every chief of staff on every pickle . GR
is it true that the pickle ate a president ? GR
the pickle ate every chief of staff . GR
every president in every floor ! NG
is it true that pickled president understood a pickled chief of staff ? NG
the pickle ate every pickle ! GR
a floor with a fine sandwich ate every chief of staff ! GR
is it true that a chief of staff with every delicious sandwich wanted a fine floor ? GR
the president wanted a chief of staff ! NG
every floor wanted the fine pickle ! GR
is it true that every floor in the pickled pickle ? NG
is it true that every floor the a floor ? NG
the chief of staff kissed pickled pickle on a pickle . NG
a floor ate a chief of staff ! GR
a delicious floor wanted every floor . GR
a sandwich ate a floor on a delicious fine sandwich under a chief of staff . GR
is it true that fine sandwich ate a pickle ? NG
is it true that the sandwich ate ate floor in the chief of staff ? NG
the fine chief of staff wanted a floor . NG
a sandwich on pickled floor ate a pickle . NG
a president ate pickled sandwich . NG
every sandwich wanted a president . GR
the pickle understood a fine pickle . NG
fine fine floor ate every floor . NG
a fine fine president kissed a chief of staff ! GR
is it true that a president pickled the pickle ? NG
is it true that the pickle pickled a pickle ? GR
a perplexed pickle perplexed the chief of staff wanted a sandwich . NG
the delicious president on a pickled president ate every pickle on every chief of staff . NG
every sandwich delicious a floor in a pickle ! NG
every delicious president kissed a floor ! NG
the chief of staff ate every pickle ! GR
in sandwich kissed the president with a pickle . NG
every president wanted the pickle . GR
is it true that a floor kissed the sandwich ? GR
the pickle ate with chief of staff . NG
every floor under every president ate a fine kissed floor ! NG
is it true that every pickled chief of staff the a fine floor with every chief of staff kissed the floor ? NG
is it true that the chief of staff delicious a floor ? NG
is it true that a chief of staff on a floor ate the chief of staff ? GR
a perplexed pickle perplexed the pickle ! NG
in president pickled every sandwich . NG
every sandwich pickled the president ! GR
is it true that the president every the chief of staff ? NG
the floor ate the delicious chief of staff ! GR
the president every the pickle with a fine sandwich . NG
is it true that a president with a president on the chief of staff ? NG
is it true that the sandwich kissed the sandwich ? GR
is it true that every chief of staff ate on chief of staff ? NG
the floor ate every sandwich . GR
the chief of staff with every president wanted under sandwich ! NG
is it true that perplexed pickle pickled every pickle ? NG
the president kissed a pickled understood pickled pickle ! NG
the pickle pickled a pickle . GR
the fine perplexed pickle pickled every chief of staff . NG
the a floor understood a sandwich . NG
is it true that ate president wanted every president ? NG
the floor kissed wanted pickle ! NG
every pickle wanted with delicious sandwich ! NG
every floor understood every sandwich . GR
every chief of staff in the chief of staff on a president wanted the pickle on every president . GR
is it true that a floor pickled the floor on a sandwich ? GR
a pickle understood the floor ! GR
is it true that a delicious sandwich understood the president perplexed the pickle ? NG
the pickle with a chief of staff pickled a sandwich ! GR
the president understood the pickle with a floor with a sandwich . GR
a floor kissed a floor . NG
is it true that a floor pickled a pickle ? GR
is it true that the president with a chief of staff with the perplexed floor under every pickled delicious president pickled every president ? GR
a floor understood a pickle pickled a sandwich . NG
is it true that the floor wanted every president ? GR
the delicious chief of staff wanted every fine pickled pickle in a pickle with the president . NG
wanted floor under the pickled chief of staff understood every president ! NG
every fine pickled president understood the chief of staff . GR
is it true that the pickle understood the sandwich with the chief of staff in every pickle with every chief of staff ? GR
the pickle pickled a chief of staff . GR
is it true that a president with a floor kissed the floor ? GR
every floor pickled every sandwich . GR
is it true that a chief of staff delicious every delicious sandwich wanted a fine floor ? NG
every perplexed chief of staff in every delicious sandwich understood the sandwich . GR
every chief of staff ate a floor . GR
every delicious pickled chief of staff understood a floor . GR
a pickled pickle a a pickle . NG
every pickle in every president wanted a sandwich . GR
every chief of staff under a floor wanted a pickled sandwich . GR
the sandwich understood every chief of staff . GR
the president wanted a president ! GR
the fine chief of staff ate a floor . GR
is it true that fine pickle ate every chief of staff ? NG
a floor with every pickle with every chief of staff wanted a sandwich . GR
a president pickled every pickle ! GR
is it true that a sandwich ate under sandwich ? NG
is it true that a chief of staff ate every perplexed pickle ? GR
a floor with every pickle with on chief of staff wanted a sandwich . NG
is it true that every sandwich pickled a chief of staff ? NG
is it true that the floor understood every floor ? GR
every every sandwich kissed the president ! NG
a perplexed president on every chief of staff pickled every pickle . GR
a pickled sandwich pickled a pickled floor under a chief of staff . GR
is it true that a perplexed president kissed a sandwich ? GR
every president in every floor kissed a chief of staff . NG
a pickle in the floor ! NG
is it true that the pickle in every fine pickle on a president kissed the delicious pickle under a pickled floor under a sandwich ? GR
delicious chief of staff kissed the president . NG
is it true that a sandwich ate a sandwich ? GR
is it true that a sandwich ate the pickle ? NG
the pickle with under chief of staff pickled a sandwich ! NG
is it true that a floor on every pickle on a chief of staff ate a president ? NG
the president understood every pickled floor . GR
every pickle with a pickled pickle wanted a fine floor . GR
is it true that wanted sandwich kissed the sandwich ? NG
is it true that the fine president wanted the chief of staff in every fine a president ? NG
the sandwich every a pickle . NG
the floor wanted fine sandwich ! NG
is it true that the pickle perplexed every sandwich ? NG
every fine chief of staff understood every president . GR
every sandwich kissed the chief of staff ! GR
every floor understood every sandwich on the chief of staff ! GR
is it true that kissed pickle pickled the sandwich ? NG
is it true that pickled pickled floor pickled a perplexed president ? NG
is it true that a pickled floor understood every floor ? GR
a floor under every sandwich pickled the floor . NG
is it true that every sandwich on every floor in a chief of staff kissed a floor ? GR
is it true that a floor on every pickle with a chief of staff ate a president ? GR
is it true that perplexed chief of staff pickled the floor ? NG
the sandwich kissed every pickle ! GR
every chief of staff understood the fine chief of staff ! GR
a ate fine president kissed a chief of staff ! NG
ate pickle pickled the floor . NG
delicious perplexed delicious chief of staff understood a fine floor . NG
a sandwich wanted a sandwich . NG
a floor understood a perplexed floor ! GR
a president understood the floor . NG
every sandwich pickled a floor in a pickle ! GR
is it true that a floor the the pickle in the delicious chief of staff ? NG
a sandwich pickled the president ! GR
is it true that the floor kissed a president ? GR
is it true that the pickle pickled the sandwich ? NG
the sandwich ate the sandwich ! NG
every president understood every floor ! GR
a chief of staff ate a sandwich ! GR
is it true that a pickle kissed every floor ? GR
every delicious pickle kissed the sandwich ! GR
the sandwich ate every pickle . GR
every floor in the pickle . NG
a pickle understood the sandwich ! NG
every president on a chief of staff wanted under chief of staff . NG
a floor with a pickle ! NG
pickled fine chief of staff pickled a floor ! NG
the sandwich wanted every sandwich . NG
every delicious sandwich pickled a on fine chief of staff ! NG
is it true that the floor wanted the pickled floor ? NG
is it true that the chief of staff pickled every floor in every chief of staff ? GR
is it true that a sandwich pickled a sandwich ? NG
a delicious chief of staff in every floor wanted every chief of staff ! GR
is it true that fine floor ate every chief of staff ? NG
a chief of staff ate with sandwich . NG
is it true that the fine president wanted the chief of staff in every fine delicious president ? GR
a the chief of staff ate every pickle ! NG
is it true that every sandwich pickled a sandwich ? NG
a chief of staff ate the chief of staff . GR
is it true that a floor in the sandwich wanted every sandwich ? GR
every fine perplexed delicious perplexed perplexed chief of staff wanted every sandwich . GR
is it true that the sandwich under every perplexed floor pickled every pickle ? GR
is it true that every sandwich understood every pickle ? GR
a chief of staff with a floor pickled the floor . GR
is it true that a sandwich wanted every chief of staff in the perplexed pickle ? GR
is it true that every floor fine every pickle ? NG
a president understood every floor ! GR
is it true that a chief of staff a a floor ate the chief of staff ? NG
the delicious pickle pickled the chief of staff . GR
is it true that a president on the floor wanted the floor ? GR
is it true that a sandwich wanted the sandwich with the delicious sandwich ? NG
with perplexed chief of staff ate the chief of staff ! NG
is it true that the floor under the floor on every floor wanted a pickle ? GR
every chief of staff on a president ate every pickle ! NG
a chief of staff ate kissed floor . NG
is it true that the floor in every chief of staff on a pickled chief of staff kissed the fine fine floor ? GR
a floor ate pickled president ! NG
is it true that the delicious floor understood the president ? GR
a sandwich wanted the pickle ! GR
is it true that every president kissed the on president ? NG
is it true that a president under on president wanted the chief of staff ? NG
is it true that the pickle pickled every president ? GR
a pickle kissed every pickle with the president . GR
is it true that the sandwich a every perplexed floor pickled every pickle ? NG
is it true that every perplexed chief of staff ate a floor ? GR
the floor every the president . NG
a floor on every floor on a sandwich under a sandwich pickled every perplexed floor in every chief of staff . NG
is it true that pickled floor understood every chief of staff under the chief of staff ? NG
is it true that the floor ate a pickle ? GR
is it true that the chief of staff ate a floor ? NG
every chief of staff pickled a chief of staff . GR
the sandwich under a president under every pickle with the president pickled every chief of staff on every pickle . NG
the sandwich kissed a president on the sandwich under a floor ! GR
is it true that every chief of staff pickled pickled floor ? NG
pickled pickle kissed the pickle ! NG
a president with in sandwich wanted the president ! NG
is it true that in perplexed president understood every perplexed sandwich with a president ? NG
a pickle kissed the chief of staff ! NG
is it true that the chief of staff wanted a pickle ? GR
the pickle wanted every sandwich . GR
the floor on a floor ! NG
is it true that in floor kissed every sandwich ? NG
the delicious floor understood a chief of staff under a sandwich ! NG
is it true that the sandwich with the president ate pickled pickle ? NG
a chief of staff kissed understood pickle . NG
the chief of staff wanted the floor ! GR
every pickle ate a pickle . GR
a floor ate every chief of staff . GR
the chief of staff understood under chief of staff ! NG
the pickled president ate a pickle . GR
the chief of staff with the president understood kissed pickle ! NG
is it true that the perplexed sandwich ate the floor in the president with every floor ? GR
ate president pickled the president ! NG
is it true that every chief of staff understood a pickle ? NG
every pickle on every pickle in a president pickled every chief of staff . NG
pickled president ate a president . NG
the pickle ate every fine president ! NG
the fine perplexed floor in a pickle under the fine perplexed pickle understood a floor ! GR
is it true that on chief of staff pickled every president ? NG
a sandwich on a floor ate a pickle . GR
a sandwich ate fine chief of staff under the chief of staff . NG
under sandwich kissed a president in a chief of staff ! NG
a delicious sandwich kissed the president . NG
a fine floor ate every floor . GR
the pickled pickle ate a chief of staff . GR
the the floor wanted a floor in the floor ! NG
the pickle wanted every chief of staff . GR
is it true that every pickle wanted a chief of staff ? GR
every sandwich wanted a sandwich ! GR
the president pickled a floor ! GR
is it true that the pickle wanted under floor ? NG
is it true that a floor understood a pickled president ? GR
the president understood a president ! GR
is it true that a chief of staff kissed the president with the president ? GR
is it true that the pickle pickled every floor ? GR
a perplexed president pickled every floor . NG
is it true that ate sandwich ate the pickle ? NG
is it true that every sandwich wanted perplexed chief of staff ? NG
a chief of staff on every president with the pickle understood every chief of staff ! GR
is it true that a floor wanted the sandwich ? GR
is it true that a president pickled the perplexed delicious chief of staff ? GR
a pickle kissed the president . GR
is it true that the president kissed every chief of staff ? GR
the floor wanted a floor . GR
the chief of staff wanted every floor . GR
is it true that the president wanted the floor ? GR
the chief of staff ate a delicious sandwich every the chief of staff . NG
a chief of staff kissed every pickled sandwich ! GR
a president under the president pickled the president ! NG
every pickle wanted every chief of staff ! GR
is it true that every sandwich pickled every pickle ? GR
the president understood pickled pickle . NG
is it true that pickled pickle kissed a chief of staff under every delicious pickle ? NG
is it true that every pickle in every president ? NG
the president on every pickle kissed perplexed pickle ! NG
is it true that a sandwich pickled a president ? GR
is it true that a sandwich under a chief of staff kissed the pickle ? GR
a president with the sandwich wanted the president ! GR
the floor pickled a floor ! GR
the pickle ate the president in the pickled floor with the floor under ate sandwich ! NG
is it true that the president kissed the chief of staff ? GR
the sandwich with a delicious floor on the pickle understood the chief of staff ! NG
perplexed pickle wanted a floor ! NG
the president on every pickle kissed every pickle ! GR
the sandwich kissed every chief of staff . NG
the pickled sandwich pickled the chief of staff . NG
every pickle pickled a chief of staff . GR
is it true that a sandwich with the president pickled the chief of staff ? GR
is it true that the pickle ate every president ? NG
a perplexed pickle kissed the pickle ! GR
the chief of staff kissed under president ! NG
a pickle understood a sandwich ! GR
is it true that a pickle with the pickle on the sandwich ate a chief of staff ? GR
a chief of staff pickled pickled chief of staff ! NG
every floor ate every floor ! GR
the floor pickled every floor ! NG
every sandwich understood every president in a delicious sandwich . GR
a sandwich pickled the floor . GR
is it true that every floor with the pickle pickled a floor ? GR
every pickle ate every chief of staff ! GR
pickled sandwich pickled every president ! NG
the pickle pickled a pickle . NG
a sandwich kissed every chief of staff . GR
every fine pickle pickled a floor . GR
every perplexed sandwich wanted a president ! GR
is it true that every pickle in the president in every chief of staff understood every pickled floor ? GR
is it true that every sandwich understood every chief of staff ? GR
every floor delicious every pickled president . NG
the president kissed a pickled pickle fine a president ! NG
a pickle pickled delicious floor . NG
every floor wanted the pickle . GR
is it true that the president with a sandwich ? NG
is it true that a floor with a chief of staff in every delicious sandwich on every delicious floor with the floor ate a sandwich with a president ? GR
a sandwich kissed the pickle ! GR
a delicious chief of staff ate a floor ! GR
the pickle ate perplexed perplexed chief of staff . NG
a floor understood the chief of staff . GR
is it true that the sandwich understood every chief of staff ? NG
is it true that every chief of staff wanted every sandwich on every sandwich ? GR
is it true that every sandwich pickled the pickle ? GR
is it true that kissed president ate the pickled president ? NG
every sandwich understood the sandwich kissed the pickle . NG
every chief of staff on a president ate every pickle ! GR
ate floor understood the floor ! NG
every pickle ate the floor ! GR
every sandwich on perplexed president understood a sandwich . NG
the chief of staff kissed the floor . GR
every fine pickle every a floor . NG
a sandwich pickled the chief of staff in every sandwich ! GR
the floor pickled a floor ! GR
the floor a a president . NG
every president pickled the pickle . NG
is it true that the pickle kissed a floor ? GR
the sandwich kissed every pickle ! NG
the chief of staff ate the perplexed pickled sandwich ! NG
a sandwich ate every floor . GR
a floor wanted the perplexed president in every sandwich . GR
is it true that every pickle wanted under sandwich ? NG
a chief of staff kissed every pickle . GR
every chief of staff kissed kissed chief of staff ! NG
every sandwich pickled the pickle ate a sandwich in the sandwich under a pickle with a president with a pickle . NG
the chief of staff kissed every pickled sandwich ! GR
understood president ate every sandwich ! NG
is it true that the sandwich wanted the president every every pickle ? NG
a perplexed president the the president . NG
is it true that every delicious president under a floor ate a sandwich ? NG
every pickle delicious every president ! NG
is it true that a sandwich with the president pickled wanted chief of staff ? NG
every pickle the the sandwich . NG
a sandwich kissed every president under a sandwich . GR
a floor understood the delicious perplexed chief of staff . GR
every perplexed chief of staff in every understood sandwich understood the sandwich . NG
a floor kissed a pickle ! GR
a sandwich pickled ate floor . NG
a fine floor understood every chief of staff . NG
every chief of staff with the chief of staff delicious a pickle ! NG
is it true that the president every every president ? NG
every pickle wanted every sandwich ! GR
the sandwich wanted the sandwich . NG
every floor pickled the fine president . GR
every sandwich in the sandwich kissed the pickle . GR
every pickled perplexed chief of staff pickled a president . NG
every floor ate every floor ! NG
the floor on every floor ! NG
is it true that a floor with a chief of staff pickled every delicious sandwich on every delicious floor with the floor ate a sandwich with a president ? NG
pickled sandwich ate every floor ! NG
the president the a president ! NG
is it true that every pickle kissed a pickled pickled sandwich ? NG
the floor kissed ate pickle . NG
a sandwich kissed wanted president ! NG
is it true that the delicious floor wanted the president ? NG
is it true that the chief of staff with the sandwich ate every president ? GR
the chief of staff ate the sandwich ! GR
every pickle on every pickle in a president pickled every chief of staff . GR
is it true that every chief of staff ate every chief of staff ? GR
is it true that the pickle wanted every pickled floor ? GR
every president under the sandwich kissed a chief of staff . GR
a sandwich a the president ! NG
is it true that a floor wanted pickled chief of staff ? NG
a sandwich under every floor on every president kissed every fine sandwich with every sandwich ! GR
is it true that the pickle understood understood pickle ? NG
a a chief of staff pickled the pickled chief of staff . NG
the pickle a a pickle . NG
is it true that the sandwich understood the sandwich ? GR
a delicious chief of staff in fine floor wanted every chief of staff ! NG
a sandwich ate the floor ! NG
a delicious delicious chief of staff pickled on perplexed perplexed president with the chief of staff . NG
every president understood the floor . GR
the sandwich understood every president . GR
a president pickled every floor . GR
is it true that delicious pickle understood every delicious chief of staff ? NG
is it true that the floor kissed every sandwich ? GR
the sandwich kissed the fine chief of staff . GR
a sandwich in the pickle ! NG
is it true that pickled chief of staff pickled the chief of staff ? NG
a floor on the pickle with a chief of staff kissed a pickle under every president ! GR
the chief of staff understood a president . NG
the perplexed president ate a president ! GR
is it true that every sandwich kissed a chief of staff ? GR
every floor in every president with a perplexed pickle understood a sandwich . GR
a pickle ate delicious floor . NG
the president ate pickled floor . NG
the floor wanted every pickle ! GR
every fine chief of staff with the perplexed pickle with every floor on a president understood a floor . GR
the delicious sandwich on every floor wanted every sandwich in every president ! GR
is it true that every president pickled the pickle ? GR
kissed president wanted every chief of staff . NG
is it true that every chief of staff under a chief of staff pickled every pickle under a sandwich ? GR
the sandwich pickled the pickle ! GR
is it true that the pickled pickle ate the president ? GR
is it true that every president pickled with pickle ? NG
the fine sandwich ate a delicious floor ! NG
the pickled floor the every sandwich ! NG
the president ate a floor . GR
is it true that the pickled president ate every president ? GR
the fine floor pickled every president . GR
a perplexed perplexed a chief of staff under the president understood the sandwich ! NG
a pickle ate every president . NG
every president pickled a pickle ! NG
a pickled president understood a president pickled the floor . NG
a chief of staff ate a sandwich . GR
is it true that the sandwich with the pickled sandwich ? NG
the floor kissed a chief of staff ! GR
is it true that in chief of staff ate the pickle ? NG
every pickle with every chief of staff on the floor wanted the floor . GR
is it true that the pickle ate a pickle ? NG
every pickle pickled ate chief of staff . NG
the chief of staff understood a chief of staff ! GR
is it true that every pickled pickle wanted every president ? GR
the perplexed chief of staff understood ate sandwich . NG
the chief of staff ate a president . GR
is it true that the pickled pickle pickled a chief of staff ? GR
a pickle understood under floor ! NG
a pickle pickled a chief of staff ! GR
is it true that a floor with a president ate every chief of staff under a floor in every floor ? NG
every floor kissed every pickle in the pickled delicious chief of staff ! GR
is it true that every pickle with a floor pickled a chief of staff ? GR
is it true that the pickle wanted every sandwich ? GR
the fine sandwich understood a president in a president with a floor ! GR
every floor with every sandwich kissed every sandwich under a sandwich wanted the sandwich ! NG
is it true that the president the a sandwich understood a floor ? NG
every delicious president kissed the perplexed fine chief of staff ! GR
is it true that every chief of staff under a chief of staff delicious every pickle under a sandwich ? NG
perplexed pickle pickled a chief of staff . NG
is it true that a sandwich ate the pickle ? GR
is it true that a floor understood ate chief of staff ? NG
a sandwich kissed every president under a sandwich . NG
the fine perplexed pickle kissed every chief of staff . GR
is it true that every pickle wanted a president ? GR
is it true that the perplexed president with the sandwich the a chief of staff ? NG
is it true that a fine fine floor in the perplexed sandwich with a perplexed chief of staff under every pickle kissed every perplexed chief of staff under a chief of staff ? GR
is it true that every president wanted every floor ? GR
every pickled floor kissed with president . NG
the sandwich fine a floor . NG
a pickle ate the floor . NG
the floor pickled the chief of staff ! NG
every president kissed a president ! NG
a pickle kissed every president ! GR
is it true that the president wanted every president ? GR
is it true that every chief of staff kissed under chief of staff ? NG
every pickle pickled with chief of staff . NG
every sandwich ate a floor . GR
is it true that the pickle wanted the pickle ? NG
is it true that every pickled chief of staff with every fine chief of staff pickled a sandwich ? NG
is it true that pickled president pickled every president ? NG
is it true that every floor ate the floor ? NG
the chief of staff kissed every president ! GR
the delicious pickle understood every fine chief of staff . GR
is it true that every president a the pickle ? NG
every president wanted the chief of staff . GR
a pickle pickled the pickled pickle . GR
is it true that every floor understood the pickled pickle ? GR
a president wanted in pickle . NG
is it true that the delicious chief of staff wanted every fine floor ? GR
the president ate every fine president ! GR
under delicious floor wanted every floor . NG
the chief of staff kissed the president . GR
every president kissed every floor . GR
ate president understood a president ! NG
a chief of staff with on floor pickled the floor . NG
the sandwich ate the pickle . NG
is it true that every perplexed pickle ate a chief of staff ? NG
a president fine every delicious president . NG
every pickle ate the pickle under the chief of staff ! NG
understood chief of staff under every sandwich on a sandwich understood a fine president . NG
a chief of staff kissed the chief of staff . NG
a floor kissed a floor ! GR
the president with a sandwich kissed every president . NG
is it true that a pickle pickled a sandwich ? NG
is it true that a pickle kissed on floor ? NG
every floor wanted fine floor ! NG
a pickle pickled a pickled pickle . NG
every president with the pickle in the sandwich on every pickled sandwich pickled a perplexed sandwich . GR
is it true that the sandwich a every sandwich ? NG
is it true that a president pickled every president ? NG
a fine chief of staff pickled a floor ! GR
with pickle kissed a floor . NG
is it true that the understood pickle ate the president ? NG
is it true that a pickle with the pickle on the sandwich fine a chief of staff ? NG
is it true that a floor kissed the pickle in the delicious chief of staff ? GR
every floor with every sandwich in every sandwich under a sandwich wanted the sandwich ! GR
every floor understood every sandwich on every chief of staff ! NG
in delicious fine pickle pickled the sandwich ! NG
every floor wanted the sandwich . GR
every floor pickled a floor . GR
is it true that the pickle understood every sandwich with the chief of staff in every pickle with every chief of staff ? NG
a president understood the fine perplexed chief of staff ! GR
a delicious pickle understood every president ! NG
is it true that every floor with every pickle ? NG
the fine sandwich pickled the chief of staff . GR
the floor kissed the pickle . GR
every president kissed the floor in the chief of staff . GR
every pickle kissed every president . GR
every president wanted every chief of staff . GR
a fine chief of staff ate every pickle ! GR
the chief of staff understood a president . GR
every chief of staff in the chief of staff on a president pickled the pickle on every president . NG
kissed chief of staff pickled a president on the floor with every pickle ! NG
every sandwich ate the chief of staff ! GR
every pickle under every sandwich kissed the pickle ! GR
the pickle kissed a pickle . GR
is it true that ate pickle kissed a floor ? NG
is it true that the floor kissed the pickle under the sandwich ? GR
a president kissed every delicious president . GR
fine floor pickled a floor . NG
a pickle ate a chief of staff ! GR
is it true that the president with a floor kissed the floor ? NG
the chief of staff understood a a sandwich . NG
is it true that a chief of staff understood a president ? GR
is it true that every sandwich in a pickle kissed a president under a perplexed sandwich ? NG
every sandwich ate the sandwich ! GR
is it true that the president perplexed every president ? NG
the pickle ate the pickle . GR
is it true that a president ate every president ? NG
is it true that the president wanted the chief of staff with the pickle ? GR
is it true that the pickle in a sandwich ate every pickled chief of staff ? NG
the chief of staff pickled a pickle . GR
the president in every perplexed perplexed chief of staff under the chief of staff under every pickle under the chief of staff wanted a chief of staff ! GR
every chief of staff on the pickle ate the sandwich . GR
is it true that every delicious floor on a chief of staff pickled a pickle ? GR
every sandwich pickled the pickle in a sandwich in the sandwich under a pickle with a president with a pickle . GR
is it true that a pickle pickled every pickle on a president on a sandwich ? GR
the pickle with a sandwich on a sandwich with a president ate every sandwich ! GR
every pickled pickle kissed a chief of staff . GR
is it true that every chief of staff wanted a pickle ? GR
a president ate the chief of staff with every floor . GR
is it true that on sandwich understood the sandwich ? NG
the delicious chief of staff kissed every fine pickled pickle in a pickle with the president . GR
every floor pickled the floor ! NG
is it true that a sandwich in the sandwich pickled a floor under a floor with every chief of staff ? GR
is it true that a pickle with a president on every president pickled every pickle ? GR
under sandwich understood every president in a delicious sandwich . NG
is it true that every floor wanted the floor ? GR
a chief of staff kissed fine sandwich ! NG
the fine president every every pickle on a fine floor ate a delicious floor . NG
a chief of staff pickled every chief of staff ! GR
the floor perplexed a chief of staff ! NG
is it true that every pickle kissed a chief of staff ? GR
is it true that a president under every floor understood the chief of staff ? NG
the pickled floor wanted a floor in the floor ! GR
is it true that the floor kissed the pickle under the sandwich ? NG
the floor kissed the president ! NG
a sandwich kissed kissed delicious chief of staff ! NG
is it true that every chief of staff wanted a pickle ? GR
every president kissed every floor . NG
every floor in every president with a perplexed pickle understood a sandwich . NG
is it true that a sandwich pickled every pickle ? GR
a president kissed a president under every sandwich . GR
is it true that every perplexed chief of staff with every chief of staff pickled a floor on every chief of staff ? GR
the president pickled a floor ! NG
is it true that every pickle on the chief of staff understood a chief of staff ? GR
the sandwich wanted a president . NG
every pickled a sandwich pickled the pickle . NG
the pickle ate the fine perplexed sandwich . GR
the sandwich understood every president . GR
is it true that perplexed sandwich wanted the sandwich ? NG
every sandwich kissed every pickle . GR
every pickle on every chief of staff on the floor wanted the floor . NG
the pickle kissed the pickled perplexed chief of staff in the sandwich with a chief of staff ! GR
every pickle pickled a pickle . NG
is it true that a floor kissed kissed president ? NG
pickled pickle ate every sandwich . NG
a chief of staff ate the chief of staff ! GR
is it true that every pickled president understood a sandwich ? GR
the pickled president kissed a fine floor on a pickle in every floor . GR
every chief of staff with every sandwich kissed every perplexed chief of staff . GR
every president every the floor . NG
the perplexed sandwich understood wanted chief of staff ! NG
every floor wanted in pickle . NG
a delicious fine perplexed sandwich pickled a fine pickle ! NG
every floor understood a president with the sandwich ! GR
every president delicious a chief of staff ! NG
every sandwich on every president wanted every floor . GR
a sandwich wanted the pickle . GR
a sandwich wanted every a president ! NG
is it true that the pickle on a chief of staff pickled a chief of staff on a sandwich ? GR
is it true that every sandwich kissed every chief of staff ? GR
the in sandwich wanted the president ! NG
every pickled pickle understood the president . NG
a pickled floor ate a delicious pickled floor ! NG
the perplexed pickled pickle ate the chief of staff . GR
ate sandwich pickled every chief of staff on every president on every sandwich . NG
every pickle ate the chief of staff ! NG
the fine president under the president wanted every pickle . GR
pickled sandwich pickled the sandwich . NG
is it true that the sandwich wanted a sandwich ? NG
the sandwich on every pickle with a sandwich with a ate president under every pickled perplexed president pickled every floor ! NG
every pickled perplexed sandwich pickled the pickle . GR
every president under every pickle wanted the sandwich ! GR
is it true that a president pickled the perplexed pickle ? GR
the perplexed chief of staff understood a sandwich . GR
every pickled floor in every pickled chief of staff kissed a sandwich ! NG
is it true that understood sandwich kissed a chief of staff ? NG
a chief of staff in the pickled sandwich in the sandwich in the sandwich understood a pickle ! GR
every sandwich in every pickled pickle with every pickle ate the perplexed pickled floor . GR
the chief of staff kissed every pickle . GR
every sandwich the a chief of staff . NG
a pickled pickle pickled a pickle . GR
every sandwich kissed a floor . NG
is it true that a pickle under a chief of staff on a chief of staff on the president pickled every floor with the president ? GR
is it true that a floor with fine chief of staff under a perplexed floor kissed a president ? NG
a chief of staff ate the president ! GR
every chief of staff kissed the president ! GR
is it true that a pickle kissed a floor ? GR
is it true that every pickle ate the president ? GR
every floor with pickled floor understood the floor ! NG
a sandwich under every floor on pickled president kissed every fine sandwich with every sandwich ! NG
the president ate a pickle . GR
is it true that a president kissed the floor wanted the floor ? NG
the sandwich on every chief of staff wanted every chief of staff in every sandwich . GR
is it true that a president wanted every chief of staff ? GR
is it true that the president ate every floor ? NG
in sandwich kissed every pickle . NG
is it true that under sandwich ate every floor ? NG
every perplexed sandwich ate the pickled chief of staff ! GR
is it true that every pickle wanted the sandwich ? GR
is it true that every sandwich kissed the sandwich ? GR
is it true that a sandwich a every pickle ? NG
the president understood every floor on every pickle ! GR
the sandwich pickled a delicious pickle . GR
is it true that the chief of staff ate the pickle ? GR
a pickle pickled the floor . GR
every sandwich kissed with sandwich . NG
the sandwich on the delicious pickle pickled every sandwich . NG
every sandwich in every president with every floor ate every pickle ! GR
is it true that a floor kissed fine sandwich ? NG
the pickle ate the pickle . NG
a floor kissed a floor ! NG
a president kissed a floor under a floor ! GR
the pickle a a chief of staff . NG
is it true that with sandwich pickled the pickle ? NG
a president ate the pickle ! GR
is it true that every sandwich pickled the sandwich on a delicious perplexed pickled sandwich ? GR
is it true that a sandwich with every pickle on every president kissed every pickled the sandwich ? NG
the chief of staff wanted the chief of staff . GR
the pickle on the chief of staff pickled every president under the president . NG
the perplexed pickle kissed the president . NG
is it true that under sandwich kissed every chief of staff ? NG
every president with the pickle kissed every chief of staff ! GR
the floor ate the president . GR
the sandwich pickled a floor . GR
every president understood the floor ! GR
the chief of staff ate every sandwich . GR
a floor pickled every floor ! GR
is it true that a president pickled a chief of staff with the delicious pickle under a president on every fine president ? GR
is it true that the chief of staff kissed the sandwich ? GR
the sandwich understood a perplexed chief of staff on understood floor . NG
the delicious chief of staff understood in sandwich . NG
a pickle with every chief of staff ate a sandwich . GR
every fine sandwich ate a sandwich ! GR
is it true that a sandwich ate the pickle ? GR
a floor wanted every fine pickle ! GR
is it true that a sandwich wanted the chief of staff ? NG
every floor understood the perplexed president in perplexed sandwich in the president in the pickled chief of staff . NG
every sandwich under the pickle wanted every president . GR
is it true that every pickle on the chief of staff perplexed a chief of staff ? NG
is it true that a chief of staff kissed a perplexed floor ? GR
is it true that a floor understood a chief of staff ? GR
the president kissed every pickled floor . NG
the floor ate the delicious chief of staff ! NG
a sandwich pickled every chief of staff on every president on every sandwich . GR
every pickle ate the pickle under every chief of staff ! GR
the chief of staff ate every fine chief of staff ! GR
the fine chief of staff kissed every chief of staff . GR
the delicious pickle under the chief of staff . NG
every chief of staff ate the chief of staff ! GR
is it true that a sandwich wanted a sandwich ? GR
a chief of staff fine the president ! NG
every sandwich under every fine sandwich with the delicious pickle understood the chief of staff . GR
every president wanted a delicious president under every floor under every pickle with the pickle on a chief of staff ! GR
the pickle pickled the president ! GR
a sandwich pickled the floor . GR
every president kissed the pickle . GR
every chief of staff a the chief of staff . NG
the chief of staff under a pickle on the floor kissed a floor . GR
the sandwich wanted every president ! NG
the floor pickled every president ! NG
the delicious chief of staff ate the chief of staff . GR
every chief of staff with every sandwich kissed a perplexed chief of staff . NG
the sandwich ate every sandwich . GR
is it true that every pickle ate the delicious delicious pickle ? NG
a president pickled every floor . GR
is it true that every president wanted on sandwich ? NG
is it true that a chief of staff wanted every president ? GR
is it true that the floor ate a sandwich ? GR
every president pickled every pickle . NG
a sandwich ate fine floor . NG
is it true that a floor kissed the pickle on every chief of staff in a perplexed pickle under the fine sandwich under ate president on a president on the president under the sandwich ? NG
is it true that a floor wanted every president ? GR
every delicious president pickled a floor . GR
every chief of staff pickled the president ! NG
the the chief of staff kissed a sandwich . NG
a on pickle under every fine pickle under every president kissed the pickle . NG
is it true that every pickled chief of staff ate a floor ? NG
wanted president understood the floor ! NG
the floor pickled on fine floor . NG
is it true that the chief of staff understood a chief of staff ? GR
is it true that the president kissed a chief of staff ? GR
a fine pickle ate the chief of staff ! GR
a pickle kissed every sandwich ! GR
is it true that the chief of staff kissed a pickle ? GR
a fine president a every president . NG
a president kissed under floor under a floor ! NG
is it true that a president ate the pickled president ? GR
is it true that the floor pickled in floor ? NG
a pickle delicious every fine pickle . NG
a floor on a sandwich wanted a chief of staff in every sandwich under every pickle . GR
is it true that every pickle kissed a chief of staff ? NG
a sandwich on the floor . NG
is it true that every chief of staff kissed a chief of staff ? GR
a sandwich wanted a fine sandwich . GR
a delicious fine sandwich understood a floor on a president on a sandwich with pickled pickled floor . NG
the pickle ate every sandwich . GR
every president pickled ate pickle ! NG
the floor ate every floor ! GR
the chief of staff ate perplexed floor ! NG
pickled pickle pickled the pickle . NG
is it true that the delicious sandwich ate the pickle under every floor on every fine chief of staff on every president on a pickle ? GR
is it true that understood pickled president ate the sandwich ? NG
is it true that a pickle pickled in floor ? NG
is it true that every president every every president ate every sandwich ? NG
the pickled president kissed with fine floor on a pickle in every floor . NG
the delicious sandwich wanted the president ! GR
fine chief of staff ate every pickle ! NG
is it true that every pickle with a floor wanted a chief of staff ? NG
the sandwich with a delicious floor on the pickle understood every chief of staff ! GR
is it true that the chief of staff kissed in pickle ? NG
wanted president wanted every president . NG
is it true that every sandwich ate the president on a floor wanted the president ? NG
the pickled sandwich under the president understood the sandwich ! NG
the pickled chief of staff pickled the chief of staff under the sandwich ! GR
the floor understood a president . GR
is it true that a floor on the fine perplexed pickle pickled the sandwich in the pickle with the chief of staff ? NG
every perplexed floor ate the pickle on every sandwich . GR
a sandwich wanted every delicious president ! GR
ate sandwich ate a president ! NG
the perplexed president wanted every president understood a perplexed floor on a pickle with the pickle . NG
the chief of staff kissed a floor under every chief of staff wanted every chief of staff ! NG
the chief of staff in the pickled sandwich in the sandwich in the sandwich understood a pickle ! NG
a pickle wanted a floor . GR
is it true that every sandwich ate the president on a floor with the president ? GR
a chief of staff understood the pickle . GR
every sandwich fine every pickle ! NG
every chief of staff the the pickled sandwich . NG
is it true that the floor wanted pickled delicious floor ? NG
is it true that the floor kissed the fine sandwich ? GR
is it true that every sandwich kissed a fine floor ? GR
a president ate a floor ! GR
a floor under every sandwich understood the floor . GR
the sandwich ate every chief of staff . NG
with perplexed president ate a president ! NG
the fine president with every pickle on a fine floor ate a delicious floor . GR
perplexed sandwich ate every pickle ! NG
every pickle a the president ! NG
the chief of staff understood the floor . NG
every fine president kissed the floor . GR
delicious floor pickled every sandwich . NG
is it true that every sandwich understood every president ? GR
the pickle perplexed the perplexed floor ! NG
every president pickled every sandwich . GR
a chief of staff ate the sandwich . NG
every president pickled the president ! GR
every president with a sandwich with with pickle ate the pickle under every president under a chief of staff ! NG
is it true that the president ate every floor ? NG
is it true that a sandwich ate a pickle ? GR
every sandwich ate the sandwich ! NG
every fine pickled pickle understood the president ! GR
is it true that the president delicious every chief of staff ? NG
is it true that the president ate every floor in a floor ? GR
every pickle under every floor wanted a sandwich . GR
is it true that every floor kissed a chief of staff ? GR
every fine chief of staff wanted every pickled sandwich . NG
is it true that the pickled pickle pickled a pickle ? GR
is it true that a sandwich wanted the sandwich ? GR
is it true that the perplexed sandwich under every president pickled the floor ? NG
kissed pickled president kissed every president ! NG
the pickle understood every floor . GR
a floor a the chief of staff ! NG
the chief of staff on the president ate a floor under every president with a president ! GR
every floor wanted in president ! NG
a pickle in a chief of staff on the floor ate every sandwich ! GR
a floor on pickled pickle with a pickle understood the pickle ! NG
is it true that every president wanted the chief of staff ? GR
is it true that the pickle pickled perplexed president ? NG
is it true that pickled pickle wanted a president ? NG
is it true that every president pickled the sandwich ? GR
the fine floor pickled perplexed floor . NG
the chief of staff pickled every president . GR
a president understood the president . GR
the chief of staff pickled fine president . NG
is it true that a chief of staff kissed a floor ? GR
the pickled pickled pickle ate the chief of staff . NG
is it true that every sandwich on every floor ate the sandwich ? GR
is it true that the sandwich kissed every sandwich ? GR
is it true that every chief of staff wanted every sandwich fine every sandwich ? NG
every sandwich kissed every president ! GR
every fine president kissed a sandwich ! GR
the president pickled every chief of staff with wanted sandwich on the chief of staff . NG
the sandwich wanted every president ! GR
every sandwich kissed every president . GR
is it true that a floor pickled perplexed pickle ? NG
delicious perplexed chief of staff kissed every pickle on every sandwich . NG
every pickle ate the floor ! NG
every fine sandwich kissed the president ! GR
is it true that the chief of staff wanted pickled pickle ? NG
every president the the floor . NG
is it true that a chief of staff pickled kissed fine floor ? NG
every chief of staff ate a perplexed floor fine a floor . NG
the pickle wanted a pickle ! GR
the floor pickled every sandwich . NG
a delicious chief of staff pickled the pickled chief of staff . GR
is it true that the pickle kissed the chief of staff ? GR
wanted pickle wanted a president with a floor ! NG
is it true that the president wanted every floor ? GR
is it true that every delicious floor on a chief of staff pickled understood pickle ? NG
the floor understood the chief of staff . GR
with floor understood a president ! NG
every fine sandwich wanted a chief of staff on a floor ! GR
is it true that the floor pickled the floor ? GR
kissed pickle wanted the sandwich ! NG
a sandwich in every floor wanted the perplexed floor . NG
ate floor with a fine sandwich ate every chief of staff ! NG
the sandwich ate the chief of staff . GR
a pickle pickled under chief of staff ! NG
every floor with every president under the delicious chief of staff kissed every sandwich in every president ! GR
is it true that a floor wanted a fine sandwich ? GR
every sandwich wanted a sandwich . GR
is it true that the president understood a president ? GR
the president in a floor a a floor ate a floor . NG
under floor wanted every pickle under a pickle ! NG
in chief of staff understood every floor . NG
is it true that a pickle on the floor in every president ? NG
the pickled perplexed floor kissed the pickle ! GR
a pickle kissed the pickle ! GR
a fine chief of staff fine every sandwich ! NG
is it true that every president understood the chief of staff ? GR
a sandwich pickled every delicious sandwich . NG
the president wanted the pickle with a fine sandwich . GR
under president kissed a floor ! NG
every pickle understood a floor ! GR
the pickled president pickled the pickle ! GR
is it true that under floor ate a sandwich ? NG
is it true that a sandwich ate every floor ? GR
is it true that the president wanted pickled floor ? NG
every perplexed chief of staff kissed every pickle on every sandwich . GR
is it true that a president pickled the perplexed understood chief of staff ? NG
is it true that a floor pickled in pickle ? NG
every pickle pickled a chief of staff . GR
the pickle ate every president . GR
the pickled president kissed every president ! GR
the delicious floor understood a chief of staff in a sandwich ! GR
the sandwich pickled the fine chief of staff . GR
a president pickled every chief of staff . GR
delicious pickle wanted a floor . NG
every chief of staff with the chief of staff kissed a pickle ! GR
every sandwich with a pickle in the sandwich ! NG
every floor with a floor pickled every pickle on the perplexed sandwich ! NG
fine chief of staff wanted the floor ! NG
pickled chief of staff ate every chief of staff ! NG
is it true that every chief of staff pickled every floor in every chief of staff ? NG
delicious fine sandwich understood a president in a president with a floor ! NG
every pickle wanted the delicious sandwich ! GR
every president with a floor in the delicious pickle kissed every pickle . GR
every president kissed the floor ! GR
is it true that a fine chief of staff wanted fine president ? NG
is it true that a chief of staff kissed every chief of staff with the president ? GR
every pickle ate the president ! GR
is it true that the sandwich a the fine chief of staff ? NG
the sandwich ate under sandwich . NG
is it true that the president on the fine chief of staff wanted on president ? NG
a fine president pickled a fine chief of staff . GR
the perplexed in president ate the chief of staff in the president ! NG
is it true that a chief of staff ate a fine chief of staff ? GR
is it true that every perplexed sandwich understood every floor ? NG
the chief of staff ate every chief of staff ! GR
a floor wanted every chief of staff ! GR
pickled floor understood a floor . NG
every chief of staff a every sandwich ! NG
a president a the fine chief of staff ! NG
the sandwich kissed a president on the sandwich under a floor ! NG
the floor with a chief of staff under every floor under a floor . NG
every chief of staff wanted the pickled sandwich . GR
every president in every chief of staff wanted every chief of staff ! GR
under sandwich ate the fine pickle on every sandwich ! NG
the pickle wanted wanted pickle ! NG
is it true that every pickle pickled the sandwich ? GR
is it true that a fine chief of staff wanted a floor ? NG
a floor ate a pickle . GR
is it true that every president pickled every pickle ? GR
every pickle pickled the chief of staff . GR
the pickle pickled a pickle . NG
the chief of staff understood the president with the chief of staff under every floor on every president . GR
is it true that a delicious chief of staff wanted with chief of staff ? NG
is it true that every sandwich kissed on fine floor ? NG
a president perplexed every sandwich . NG
every sandwich understood under floor . NG
a sandwich understood fine chief of staff . NG
the sandwich understood the chief of staff . NG
in chief of staff pickled a chief of staff ! NG
every president ate a floor . GR
a sandwich kissed a sandwich . GR
the sandwich with every pickled pickle pickled every pickled chief of staff . GR
the president pickled the chief of staff ! GR
every pickle delicious a chief of staff kissed the sandwich ! NG
every chief of staff wanted every chief of staff . GR
is it true that every delicious sandwich understood every floor ? GR
is it true that a sandwich wanted the chief of staff ? GR
is it true that every floor understood every chief of staff under the chief of staff ? GR
a sandwich ate a chief of staff under the chief of staff . GR
is it true that every pickle in a pickle ? NG
the fine floor ate the pickle ! GR
the sandwich kissed a president ! NG
a sandwich pickled every president ! GR
every delicious fine pickle pickled the sandwich ! GR
is it true that the pickle the a president ? NG
every floor the the floor . NG
the president pickled every chief of staff with a sandwich on the chief of staff . GR
every with perplexed delicious perplexed perplexed chief of staff wanted every sandwich . NG
the president kissed every floor ! GR
a pickle kissed wanted president ! NG
is it true that a sandwich pickled with floor ? NG
the president wanted the with delicious delicious floor . NG
is it true that the president wanted the perplexed pickle ? GR
every chief of staff ate the chief of staff . NG
every sandwich delicious every sandwich . NG
is it true that the pickle wanted the sandwich ? GR
every floor wanted the pickle ! NG
is it true that the president wanted every president ? GR
is it true that a president ate a chief of staff ? GR
the president pickled the pickle with kissed fine sandwich in every floor . NG
every president pickled every sandwich ! GR
is it true that the president every every chief of staff kissed a chief of staff ? NG
the pickle on every pickle ! NG
every sandwich understood the a pickled fine sandwich . NG
every sandwich kissed a pickled pickled floor . GR
is it true that every sandwich pickled every president ? GR
a floor wanted the chief of staff ! GR
every chief of staff kissed every sandwich ! GR
is it true that a fine chief of staff wanted a president ? GR
the perplexed pickle understood a pickle the the sandwich ! NG
the sandwich pickled the perplexed pickle on every floor with a pickled delicious floor under the president ! GR
is it true that every chief of staff under a president on the fine chief of staff on a pickle with every sandwich with a sandwich kissed every pickle ? GR
every president understood the chief of staff ! GR
the a sandwich understood every sandwich on the sandwich . NG
every fine chief of staff in every president ate every chief of staff in every president under the sandwich . GR
is it true that every perplexed floor understood every pickled chief of staff under the chief of staff ? NG
every chief of staff pickled the floor with the sandwich with the perplexed fine delicious pickle under fine floor ! NG
a president kissed every floor kissed a chief of staff on every chief of staff ! NG
is it true that every floor ate a chief of staff ? GR
is it true that a floor understood understood floor ? NG
the president kissed a pickled delicious pickled pickle ! GR
the fine floor pickled the floor . GR
a chief of staff kissed with pickled sandwich ! NG
every president wanted a chief of staff . NG
is it true that the a chief of staff wanted every fine floor ? NG
is it true that a delicious chief of staff wanted the chief of staff ? GR
the sandwich kissed the chief of staff ! GR
the pickled floor kissed every sandwich ! GR
kissed chief of staff understood the floor ! NG
is it true that a president kissed a sandwich ? GR
every sandwich ate the sandwich ! GR
every sandwich perplexed the floor ! NG
every floor under every president ate a fine delicious floor ! GR
is it true that the president pickled a pickle ? GR
is it true that the sandwich ate every sandwich ? NG
the fine pickle pickled a floor on the chief of staff ! GR
the chief of staff understood every president ! GR
is it true that a floor wanted a pickle ? GR
every chief of staff kissed every floor on a fine pickle under the chief of staff in a floor on a floor under the president . NG
on floor understood every sandwich . NG
every fine pickled pickle wanted the president ! NG
is it true that the pickled president with every president ? NG
the sandwich wanted every sandwich . GR
is it true that a floor with every chief of staff under a perplexed floor kissed a president ? GR
is it true that every delicious chief of staff with every fine chief of staff pickled a sandwich ? GR
is it true that a pickle ate perplexed perplexed president ? NG
is it true that every sandwich understood the president ? GR
perplexed president ate a chief of staff . NG
is it true that every floor with a delicious fine delicious pickle wanted wanted fine pickle under every sandwich ? NG
every sandwich pickled a president ! GR
a floor in a sandwich in pickled floor with a pickle pickled every pickle . NG
the president in the chief of staff ! NG
a pickle kissed a perplexed pickle in a pickled president ! GR
the floor pickled the fine floor . GR
a chief of staff wanted a floor . GR
every floor wanted a floor . GR
a pickle kissed the pickle ! GR
the sandwich pickled the perplexed pickle on every floor with a pickled delicious floor delicious the president ! NG
the floor kissed every pickled chief of staff in a floor under every pickle . GR
the sandwich on every chief of staff wanted the chief of staff in every sandwich . NG
a pickle perplexed a sandwich ! NG
wanted floor on a sandwich wanted a chief of staff in every sandwich under every pickle . NG
the floor kissed ate fine pickle . NG
is it true that a president pickled every sandwich under the pickle under the president ? NG
is it true that a president wanted a sandwich ? NG
every chief of staff wanted a pickle in a fine chief of staff with a fine floor ! GR
the floor kissed a pickle ! GR
the perplexed pickle kissed a president . GR
a president understood with fine perplexed chief of staff ! NG
ate fine chief of staff kissed every chief of staff . NG
the sandwich ate every floor ! GR
the president understood a pickle . GR
a pickle understood fine president . NG
is it true that a sandwich kissed a chief of staff ? GR
a president ate a president . GR
the president in every perplexed perplexed chief of staff under the chief of staff under wanted pickle under the chief of staff wanted a chief of staff ! NG
is it true that every floor delicious the president ? NG
every president under a floor . NG
kissed president under every pickle wanted the sandwich ! NG
understood pickle pickled a president ! NG
is it true that the pickle a every floor ? NG
the pickle ate the president . GR
every pickle wanted every president wanted a sandwich . NG
is it true that the sandwich kissed the chief of staff ? GR
ate chief of staff kissed every pickle . NG
the chief of staff with the president understood the pickle ! GR
the perplexed chief of staff kissed a sandwich . GR
is it true that a floor understood kissed pickled president ? NG
every floor ate a sandwich ! GR
is it true that every pickle understood under floor ? NG
kissed pickle kissed a pickle ! NG
every floor kissed every pickle perplexed the pickled delicious chief of staff ! NG
a delicious delicious chief of staff pickled a perplexed perplexed president with the chief of staff . GR
is it true that a chief of staff in every chief of staff with the president ? NG
a floor ate the chief of staff . GR
the chief of staff on the pickle kissed a chief of staff . GR
is it true that a floor wanted every chief of staff ? GR
a chief of staff understood a president . GR
is it true that a sandwich wanted the sandwich with the pickled sandwich ? GR
is it true that every perplexed president understood every perplexed sandwich with a president ? GR
the sandwich delicious every sandwich . NG
is it true that the chief of staff understood a pickle ? GR
is it true that every chief of staff under a president on the fine chief of staff on a pickle with every sandwich the a sandwich kissed every pickle ? NG
the pickle understood the floor . GR
a chief of staff kissed the sandwich . GR
a floor wanted every floor on a pickle ! GR
every pickle under ate floor wanted a sandwich . NG
is it true that a fine chief of staff wanted a floor ? GR
pickled president wanted the chief of staff . NG
is it true that a chief of staff ate under fine chief of staff ? NG
every pickle ate the sandwich . GR
a president ate every sandwich . GR
the president wanted the perplexed delicious delicious floor . GR
the perplexed president in every president understood a perplexed floor on a pickle with the pickle . GR
the pickle pickled pickled president ! NG
is it true that a president understood the under president ? NG
a floor on every pickle with a pickle understood the pickle ! GR
a chief of staff perplexed a pickle . NG
every floor kissed a pickled delicious sandwich . GR
every pickle understood the sandwich the a sandwich . NG
is it true that the president understood every president ? NG
a floor pickled a sandwich . GR
a sandwich pickled every pickled sandwich . GR
is it true that a president kissed a sandwich ? GR
the president on every pickle ! NG
is it true that every pickle pickled the sandwich ? GR
is it true that the president kissed a sandwich ? GR
is it true that the president pickled every president ? GR
a floor ate pickled chief of staff ! NG
the floor wanted wanted pickle . NG
a sandwich in every floor wanted the fine floor . GR
every sandwich understood a chief of staff . GR
a floor the the chief of staff . NG
every floor wanted a floor ! GR
a president on every floor pickled every pickle ! GR
a president wanted the chief of staff . NG
is it true that the chief of staff ate every chief of staff ? GR
the floor wanted a sandwich ! GR
a floor with a perplexed floor ! NG
a sandwich ate the pickle . GR
a chief of staff pickled a chief of staff ! GR
is it true that a president kissed every chief of staff ? NG
is it true that the chief of staff kissed every chief of staff ? GR
every floor with wanted president under the delicious chief of staff kissed every sandwich in every president ! NG
a sandwich wanted the pickle . NG
every sandwich in a chief of staff on a sandwich every a pickle with every chief of staff . NG
a president understood every floor ! NG
a pickle ate a floor . GR
is it true that every president the every floor ? NG
a fine president pickled every president . GR
is it true that the sandwich a a floor ? NG
is it true that the chief of staff kissed every delicious floor ? NG
a floor ate a sandwich ! GR
every delicious president kissed a president . GR
is it true that the floor understood in pickle ? NG
is it true that the sandwich ate the floor in the chief of staff ? GR
is it true that a president with the sandwich pickled the chief of staff with a sandwich ? GR
pickled delicious pickled chief of staff understood a floor . NG
a floor on the pickle with a chief of staff kissed a pickle under the president ! NG
a sandwich on every chief of staff kissed a chief of staff . GR
the fine floor pickled pickled president . NG
the chief of staff under every sandwich on a sandwich understood a fine president . GR
every chief of staff ate a delicious chief of staff . NG
a pickle ate understood chief of staff ! NG
every chief of staff kissed a chief of staff ! GR
is it true that a sandwich delicious a floor ? NG
is it true that a chief of staff pickled a floor ? NG
every president with the pickle pickled every chief of staff ! NG
is it true that a sandwich a a floor ? NG
the delicious pickle in every fine chief of staff . NG
is it true that a pickle under in pickle pickled every pickle ? NG
a president ate the pickle ! NG
is it true that the sandwich perplexed the sandwich ? NG
the pickle ate the perplexed perplexed sandwich . NG
a sandwich fine a sandwich ! NG
the sandwich with every delicious pickle pickled every pickled chief of staff . NG
every president with a floor in the delicious pickle kissed a pickle . NG
is it true that a floor on the fine perplexed pickle pickled the sandwich in the pickle with the chief of staff ? GR
is it true that a floor pickled on floor on a sandwich ? NG
is it true that perplexed sandwich understood every president ? NG
is it true that every floor with the pickle with a floor ? NG
a pickled president understood a president in the floor . GR
every sandwich every every president . NG
every pickle pickled every president ! GR
the chief of staff under a pickle on the floor pickled a floor . NG
every pickled sandwich understood the president on a chief of staff on the pickle . GR
a sandwich on with floor wanted every floor . NG
every sandwich kissed a sandwich . GR
a pickle pickled a sandwich with a pickle ! GR
is it true that under floor wanted every president ? NG
is it true that the president wanted every president ? GR
the floor in the president on the delicious fine floor under every fine pickle ! NG
the pickle on every pickle pickled every sandwich ! NG
the sandwich pickled kissed fine chief of staff . NG
every pickle pickled every delicious delicious chief of staff . GR
a president ate every fine president ! NG
is it true that every delicious pickle pickled with floor ? NG
the sandwich kissed the president with a pickle . GR
every sandwich understood a floor ! GR
the fine floor pickled a chief of staff . GR
a chief of staff ate every sandwich . NG
a floor understood the chief of staff . NG
every president pickled the president . NG
every sandwich pickled every pickle ! GR
the perplexed pickle understood a pickle on the sandwich ! GR
a floor pickled the sandwich ! GR
is it true that a floor kissed the sandwich the the sandwich on every chief of staff ? NG
a chief of staff understood a delicious sandwich in a perplexed chief of staff ! GR
every fine pickled floor wanted every sandwich ! GR
delicious chief of staff ate a president . NG
ate chief of staff wanted every sandwich ! NG
is it true that every president in every president ate every sandwich ? GR
is it true that every pickle wanted the president ? GR
a floor kissed the chief of staff . GR
in sandwich kissed a sandwich . NG
pickled pickle ate a pickle ! NG
the president understood ate sandwich . NG
every floor pickled the with president . NG
a floor ate perplexed sandwich ! NG
every floor pickled the chief of staff ! GR
is it true that every pickle in the president wanted a chief of staff ? GR
every fine pickled president perplexed the chief of staff . NG
kissed sandwich ate the pickle . NG
every sandwich understood a floor ! NG
every floor kissed every pickle ! GR
is it true that the pickle on a chief of staff pickled a chief of staff on understood sandwich ? NG
is it true that the sandwich wanted a chief of staff ? GR
a fine delicious floor kissed fine sandwich under the sandwich ! NG
is it true that a sandwich pickled a chief of staff ? GR
a president pickled every floor . NG
every pickle fine the pickled floor . NG
a floor ate pickled chief of staff ! NG
the chief of staff under the pickle on every sandwich . NG
pickled chief of staff wanted the pickled president ! NG
is it true that a chief of staff pickled the floor ? GR
the sandwich ate a president ! GR
is it true that every pickled floor pickled a perplexed president ? GR
the president understood pickled pickle . NG
is it true that every pickle understood a floor ? GR
the pickle ate under president . NG
the pickled perplexed chief of staff pickled a president . GR
every sandwich in a chief of staff on a sandwich kissed a pickle with every chief of staff . GR
delicious president kissed a chief of staff . NG
every chief of staff wanted a pickle in a with chief of staff with a fine floor ! NG
is it true that the chief of staff kissed the pickle ? GR
is it true that in pickle wanted the president ? NG
pickled chief of staff kissed every pickle . NG
a floor in a sandwich in the floor with a pickle pickled every pickle . GR
every president understood a pickle ! GR
is it true that a pickle kissed a chief of staff under every delicious pickle ? GR
is it true that every sandwich understood every pickle ? NG
in president pickled a floor ! NG
every chief of staff ate a perplexed floor under a floor . GR
a pickle kissed the pickle . NG
is it true that the pickle in a sandwich ate every pickled chief of staff ? GR
is it true that a sandwich every a president ? NG
every sandwich kissed every sandwich . GR
is it true that a floor pickled every sandwich with a chief of staff under a delicious president in a perplexed fine chief of staff ? NG
is it true that every floor kissed every sandwich ? GR
is it true that a president delicious every chief of staff ? NG
is it true that the floor wanted the delicious floor ? GR
a floor kissed the floor . GR
a chief of staff kissed a sandwich ! GR
is it true that pickled president understood the chief of staff ? NG
every president under the sandwich delicious a chief of staff . NG
is it true that delicious president wanted the chief of staff with the pickle ? NG
is it true that delicious sandwich wanted a chief of staff ? NG
is it true that the chief of staff pickled a pickle ? NG
delicious floor wanted a floor . NG
the pickle ate a pickle ! GR
is it true that a floor kissed the pickle on every chief of staff in a perplexed pickle under the fine sandwich under the president on a president on the president under the sandwich ? GR
the chief of staff ate a delicious sandwich in the chief of staff . GR
in fine pickle pickled a floor on the chief of staff ! NG
the sandwich fine the chief of staff ! NG
on perplexed president on every chief of staff pickled every pickle . NG
is it true that every pickle kissed every president ? GR
a floor on every floor on a sandwich under a sandwich pickled every perplexed floor in every chief of staff . GR
every president understood the pickled every sandwich . NG
the floor wanted a pickle . GR
every pickled pickle kissed the sandwich ! NG
the pickled a floor kissed the pickle ! NG
a president pickled pickled pickle ! NG
the pickle understood a pickle . GR
every pickle understood the pickle in the perplexed pickle ! GR
is it true that every on pickle wanted every president ? NG
is it true that fine sandwich ate a floor ? NG
every floor ate every pickled president . GR
a pickle wanted a floor ! GR
in sandwich pickled a fine president ! NG
is it true that the chief of staff a every pickle ? NG
is it true that a pickle under a chief of staff on a chief of staff wanted the president pickled every floor with the president ? NG
a delicious president kissed a floor ! GR
with sandwich kissed the chief of staff ! NG
every perplexed floor ate the pickle every every sandwich . NG
is it true that a the chief of staff on every sandwich wanted the president with a delicious sandwich under a sandwich ? NG
the perplexed pickled president understood a pickle ! NG
the president on every fine president in every pickle under the pickled fine floor ! NG
every sandwich kissed a the pickled floor . NG
a sandwich under a floor ate every sandwich ! NG
is it true that every floor ate every pickle ? GR
is it true that a president wanted a sandwich ? GR
is it true that the pickle pickled every sandwich ? GR
is it true that the pickle pickled every pickled floor ? NG
the floor ate every pickle . GR
is it true that a sandwich under a sandwich ? NG
is it true that the sandwich kissed the sandwich ? NG
the chief of staff wanted a pickle . GR
is it true that every perplexed chief of staff with every chief of staff pickled a floor pickled every chief of staff ? NG
the floor wanted a floor ! GR
is it true that the floor understood the sandwich ? GR
every a sandwich wanted a president ! NG
is it true that a sandwich wanted a floor ? GR
delicious pickle understood every president . NG
a floor understood the chief of staff . NG
is it true that every sandwich understood a president ? GR
the sandwich ate understood president ! NG
is it true that every delicious president under a floor kissed a sandwich ? GR
every pickle kissed the floor . NG
delicious president in a floor kissed every pickle . NG
is it true that every sandwich in a pickle kissed a president with a perplexed sandwich ? GR
is it true that a sandwich pickled every floor ? GR
is it true that perplexed sandwich pickled every pickle ? NG
a floor in the pickle understood every floor ! GR
is it true that the floor pickled the sandwich ? NG
every president wanted a pickle ! GR
a pickle wanted every chief of staff ! NG
a sandwich under a floor kissed every sandwich ! GR
every president pickled every pickle ! GR
is it true that the pickle in fine fine pickle on a president kissed the delicious pickle under a pickled floor under a sandwich ? NG
every fine chief of staff kissed every chief of staff under every pickle on every pickle . GR
is it true that every floor kissed delicious sandwich ? NG
kissed chief of staff understood a president . NG
is it true that the pickle understood every pickle ? GR
every president with a sandwich with every pickle ate the pickle under every president under a chief of staff ! GR
a sandwich pickled a floor ! GR
fine pickle kissed every sandwich ! NG
is it true that a president understood the delicious president ? GR
the pickle ate every pickle ! GR
the pickle wanted every chief of staff . NG
a chief of staff ate the fine president ! GR
every floor under the pickle ate a floor ! GR
is it true that the sandwich kissed a fine chief of staff ? GR
the floor wanted every pickle under a pickle ! GR
is it true that a pickle understood a sandwich ? GR
the perplexed perplexed president pickled every pickled chief of staff . GR
the chief of staff perplexed a pickle . NG
a pickle in a chief of staff on the floor ate kissed sandwich ! NG
on floor ate every floor ! NG
the pickle with a sandwich on a sandwich a a president ate every sandwich ! NG
is it true that a president pickled the pickle ? GR
the chief of staff understood a pickled pickle ! NG
in floor wanted every pickle ! NG
every floor wanted the pickle ! GR
is it true that a chief of staff fine a president ? NG
is it true that a president with a president wanted the chief of staff ? GR
a president kissed a chief of staff ! GR
a floor a a sandwich on every pickle ! NG
the fine president pickled the pickle ! NG
is it true that with chief of staff kissed the sandwich ? NG
the president ate every fine president in every pickle under the pickled fine floor ! GR
the chief of staff under the pickle wanted every sandwich . GR
a pickled sandwich under the president understood the sandwich ! GR
a perplexed perplexed perplexed chief of staff under the president understood the sandwich ! GR
ate floor wanted a floor ! NG
is it true that every president ate every with floor ? NG
the floor wanted every sandwich ! GR
is it true that the sandwich wanted the president in every pickle ? GR
is it true that every sandwich wanted a chief of staff ? GR
every sandwich on every president understood a sandwich . GR
the president kissed a president ! GR
the president with a sandwich kissed every president . GR
is it true that the sandwich understood a floor ? GR
is it true that the chief of staff understood every president ? GR
the president in every floor ! NG
a president understood every floor pickled every pickle ! NG
every fine chief of staff with the perplexed pickle pickled every floor on a president understood a floor . NG
the sandwich understood a perplexed chief of staff on every floor . GR
a floor wanted every the pickle ! NG
is it true that the chief of staff kissed a floor ? GR
is it true that a floor pickled the floor ? GR
the floor a every sandwich ! NG
every sandwich understood a floor . GR
a sandwich understood a sandwich ! GR
every president ate a chief of staff . GR
every fine chief of staff kissed every chief of staff under every pickle on perplexed pickle . NG
a floor wanted a floor . NG
a sandwich ate kissed pickle . NG
a pickle pickled the pickle . GR
is it true that every pickle wanted the chief of staff ? NG
is it true that every sandwich understood a president ? NG
is it true that a sandwich ate a floor ? GR
is it true that every sandwich pickled every pickle ? NG
the chief of staff wanted pickled chief of staff under the sandwich ! NG
is it true that the pickle wanted in pickled floor ? NG
is it true that ate chief of staff understood a pickle ? NG
a floor kissed perplexed sandwich ! NG
a sandwich wanted every pickle ! NG
the floor understood a president ! GR
the floor pickled a sandwich . NG
is it true that perplexed pickled president understood a sandwich ? NG
is it true that a pickled floor pickled every floor ? NG
a president pickled a sandwich ! GR
a chief of staff kissed a pickle . GR
every sandwich fine a president wanted every president . NG
a sandwich kissed the fine floor ! NG
every floor with a floor understood the floor ! GR
every sandwich wanted wanted sandwich ! NG
the chief of staff pickled every floor . NG
perplexed pickled sandwich pickled a pickled floor under a chief of staff . NG
is it true that pickled floor pickled the floor ? NG
is it true that every sandwich understood a sandwich ? GR
is it true that a sandwich understood a delicious floor ? GR
is it true that every sandwich ate every sandwich ? GR
every floor wanted a president with the sandwich ! NG
the president in a floor under a floor ate a floor . GR
the sandwich ate the sandwich . GR
the pickle perplexed the floor ! NG
is it true that a pickle understood the pickled president ? GR
a pickle kissed a perplexed pickle in perplexed pickled president ! NG
the sandwich pickled the fine floor ! NG
is it true that a floor with a president ate every chief of staff under a floor in every floor ? GR
is it true that a president ate the floor ? NG
is it true that a sandwich ate fine floor ? NG
is it true that the floor ate every chief of staff on a pickled chief of staff kissed the fine fine floor ? NG
a floor wanted every floor in a pickle . GR
a pickle understood the floor ! GR
every delicious perplexed pickled chief of staff in every chief of staff wanted the chief of staff ! GR
the delicious president on a pickled president ate every pickle on every chief of staff . GR
a chief of staff in a floor . NG
a pickle pickled the floor . GR
every sandwich kissed the pickle . GR
the fine floor understood a sandwich . GR
is it true that every pickle in with president wanted a chief of staff ? NG
a pickle understood a fine pickle . GR
perplexed chief of staff ate a sandwich ! NG
the president understood every pickle . GR
a floor pickled a sandwich on every pickle ! GR
wanted chief of staff ate a sandwich . NG
is it true that a fine fine floor in the perplexed sandwich a a perplexed chief of staff under every pickle kissed every perplexed chief of staff under a chief of staff ? NG
the chief of staff pickled the sandwich . GR
the floor understood a floor . GR
is it true that a sandwich ate a sandwich ? GR
is it true that delicious pickle ate the president ? NG
every chief of staff ate the delicious chief of staff . GR
the sandwich wanted ate pickle . NG
a pickle wanted the pickle ! GR
the chief of staff wanted every president ! NG
a pickle pickled a pickle . GR
fine pickle wanted every sandwich . NG
the floor understood every pickled president on every pickle under the president in the floor with a chief of staff on every chief of staff in every floor ! NG
a delicious fine sandwich understood a floor on a president on a sandwich with a pickled floor . GR
a sandwich kissed every president ! GR
is it true that a pickle understood the sandwich ? GR
a president under a floor understood every president ! GR
kissed sandwich kissed the pickle . NG
the president kissed a chief of staff . GR
is it true that the pickle kissed every pickle ? NG
every sandwich understood every president . GR
ate floor wanted a fine sandwich with the sandwich . NG
every floor on a pickled delicious sandwich . NG
every chief of staff kissed the chief of staff . GR
a pickle pickled the sandwich ! GR
a floor kissed every floor . NG
is it true that a the pickle kissed the delicious fine president ? NG
a perplexed pickle on the chief of staff wanted a sandwich . GR
is it true that every chief of staff on a floor pickled every president ? GR
a sandwich wanted the pickle on every delicious delicious fine floor . GR
the pickle ate every pickled president ! GR
a president under under floor understood every president ! NG
the pickle ate the floor ! GR
a floor ate a floor ! GR
every floor wanted the with pickle ! NG
the pickle a the floor . NG
is it true that a floor pickled ate president ? NG
a pickle wanted a president with a floor ! GR
is it true that a chief of staff pickled the fine floor ? GR
every sandwich pickled the president ! NG
a sandwich ate kissed floor on a delicious fine sandwich under a chief of staff . NG
is it true that fine chief of staff kissed a perplexed floor ? NG
is it true that a president perplexed a sandwich ? NG
is it true that every floor understood a president ? GR
every fine in chief of staff pickled every chief of staff ! NG
is it true that every pickled chief of staff with a fine floor with every chief of staff kissed the floor ? GR
is it true that the president understood a president ? NG
a sandwich ate every pickle ! GR
the chief of staff with every president wanted the sandwich ! GR
the chief of staff wanted the floor . GR
every pickle every every sandwich ! NG
the chief of staff under the sandwich wanted the chief of staff ! NG
a pickle a the sandwich ! NG
every sandwich with every president ! NG
every sandwich ate the chief of staff ! NG
is it true that a president understood every president ? GR
is it true that a floor ate every chief of staff ? GR
is it true that the president fine a pickle ? NG
is it true that the president on the fine chief of staff wanted a president ? GR
the president understood every perplexed president . GR
in pickle kissed the pickle ! NG
every fine sandwich ate in sandwich ! NG
a chief of staff on every president with the pickle understood on chief of staff ! NG
a sandwich understood every chief of staff . GR
the chief of staff understood a pickled pickle ! GR
the president understood every in president . NG
pickled president ate a floor ! NG
is it true that a sandwich understood the sandwich ? GR
pickled sandwich pickled a delicious pickle . NG
every pickle ate a pickle . NG
every perplexed president pickled every floor . GR
a president wanted a pickle . GR
is it true that every pickled president ate the sandwich ? GR
is it true that every sandwich under a president ? NG
every perplexed sandwich ate the pickled chief of staff ! NG
is it true that every sandwich ate a sandwich ? GR
is it true that under floor ate a sandwich ? NG
the president understood a sandwich ! NG
every understood president kissed a sandwich ! NG
every president kissed a floor ! GR
is it true that a president fine the sandwich pickled the chief of staff with a sandwich ? NG
the president pickled the sandwich ! GR
is it true that the floor pickled fine delicious floor ? NG
is it true that every floor understood in president ? NG
a pickle kissed every pickle with perplexed president . NG
fine president understood every floor on every pickle ! NG
is it true that every president ate every pickled floor ? GR
is it true that every chief of staff on a floor pickled every president ? NG
every president wanted a delicious president under every floor under every pickle with the pickle pickled a chief of staff ! NG
every floor wanted with sandwich . NG
is it true that a president pickled a chief of staff with the a pickle under a president on every fine president ? NG
is it true that the pickle wanted every fine pickled perplexed perplexed floor ? NG
is it true that every pickle ate the fine delicious pickle ? GR
is it true that the floor on a president ? NG
wanted floor wanted the perplexed president in every sandwich . NG
is it true that the pickle wanted every fine pickled perplexed perplexed floor ? GR
is it true that the sandwich kissed a fine chief of staff ? NG
is it true that a pickle ate every chief of staff ? GR
a pickle pickled the chief of staff . NG
the chief of staff kissed every pickled sandwich ! NG
is it true that a perplexed president pickled every pickle ? GR
a pickled floor ate a pickled pickled floor ! GR
the sandwich kissed fine president . NG
a floor understood the delicious perplexed chief of staff . NG
every sandwich understood the delicious pickled fine sandwich . GR
the perplexed pickled president ate the chief of staff in the president ! GR
the floor kissed every president ! GR
a chief of staff pickled a delicious sandwich in a perplexed chief of staff ! NG
is it true that the pickle understood a president ? GR
the president pickled the pickle with every fine sandwich in every floor . GR
every chief of staff on every president on every president a the chief of staff . NG
is it true that a floor pickled a pickle ? GR
every sandwich wanted pickled floor . NG
the floor kissed every pickled chief of staff every a floor under every pickle . NG
every sandwich ate the floor ! GR
the president on every chief of staff in the floor kissed a pickle ! NG
is it true that a pickle understood the president ? NG
ate pickled pickle ate a chief of staff . NG
a fine president kissed the floor . NG
the sandwich on every pickle with a sandwich with a delicious president under every pickled perplexed president pickled every floor ! GR
is it true that every sandwich understood every pickle ? GR
is it true that every floor ate a floor ? GR
a perplexed president understood the president . GR
the president on the chief of staff in the floor kissed a pickle ! GR
the pickle kissed the pickled perplexed chief of staff in the sandwich with a chief of staff ! NG
is it true that a perplexed president kissed the sandwich ? NG
is it true that a pickle under every pickle pickled every pickle ? GR
a chief of staff ate a floor . GR
is it true that every floor with a delicious fine delicious pickle wanted a fine pickle under every sandwich ? GR
a sandwich ate the pickle ! GR
a president kissed the floor . GR
a pickle ate the president ! NG
delicious sandwich pickled a pickle . NG
is it true that on chief of staff wanted every president ? NG
is it true that a pickle ate in chief of staff ? NG
is it true that the pickled chief of staff kissed the chief of staff ? NG
is it true that the chief of staff understood every president ? NG
a pickle wanted every fine pickle . GR
